
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.011844                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 11843794128                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               538945857036                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 399095                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   507974                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 294633                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67752928                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 40198.51                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 16043009317                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   20419789487                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       247680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       448640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       163072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       402688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       163072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       257152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       256128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       163328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       405632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       256384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       122496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       445056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       449280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       163712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       249472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       447488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              4714112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           72832                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1184256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1184256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         1935                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         3505                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         1274                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         3146                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         1274                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         2009                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         2001                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         1276                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         3169                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         2003                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          957                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         3477                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         3510                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         1279                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         1949                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         3496                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 36829                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            9252                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 9252                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       378257                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     20912218                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       389065                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     37879753                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       443101                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     13768561                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       410679                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     33999916                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       421487                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     13768561                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       302606                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     21711961                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       302606                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     21625503                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       453909                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     13790176                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       367450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     34248485                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       335028                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     21647117                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       356642                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     10342632                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       389065                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     37577148                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       378257                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     37933790                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       453909                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     13822598                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       378257                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     21063520                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       389065                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     37782487                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               398023805                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       378257                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       389065                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       443101                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       410679                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       421487                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       302606                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       302606                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       453909                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       367450                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       335028                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       356642                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       389065                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       378257                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       453909                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       378257                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       389065                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            6149381                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          99989580                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               99989580                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          99989580                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       378257                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     20912218                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       389065                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     37879753                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       443101                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     13768561                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       410679                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     33999916                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       421487                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     13768561                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       302606                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     21711961                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       302606                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     21625503                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       453909                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     13790176                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       367450                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     34248485                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       335028                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     21647117                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       356642                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     10342632                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       389065                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     37577148                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       378257                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     37933790                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       453909                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     13822598                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       378257                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     21063520                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       389065                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     37782487                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              498013385                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        2074637                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1700694                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       205129                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       854178                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         808197                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         212585                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9164                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19826671                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             11809209                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           2074637                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      1020782                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2595110                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        586719                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      2000752                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1223923                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204163                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     24800262                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.582419                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.918367                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       22205152     89.54%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         280036      1.13%     90.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         323125      1.30%     91.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         178344      0.72%     92.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         207312      0.84%     93.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         113355      0.46%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          77464      0.31%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         201783      0.81%     95.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1213691      4.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     24800262                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.073044                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.415782                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       19661445                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      2169417                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2574443                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        19370                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       375581                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       336981                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred         2148                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     14417421                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts        11356                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       375581                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       19692311                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        466206                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      1616441                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2563650                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        86067                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     14407549                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           27                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        21693                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        40349                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents           75                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     20011491                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     67087433                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     67087433                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     17025519                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        2985955                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         3859                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2195                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          233651                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      1380407                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       749871                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19767                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       165753                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         14379932                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3867                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        13569915                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19267                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1841582                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4266035                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          524                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24800262                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.547168                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.240552                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19084410     76.95%     76.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2298625      9.27%     86.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1234739      4.98%     91.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       854120      3.44%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       748261      3.02%     97.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       383650      1.55%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        91499      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        60500      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44458      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24800262                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3325     11.12%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13238     44.28%     55.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13336     44.60%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11355611     83.68%     83.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       212335      1.56%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1658      0.01%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1256693      9.26%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       743618      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     13569915                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.477774                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29899                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002203                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51989257                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16225517                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13339908                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     13599814                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        34220                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       251666                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           93                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          140                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        19326                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          828                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          530                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       375581                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        422553                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13781                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14383818                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         8091                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1380407                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       749871                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2197                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9569                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          140                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       117435                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116390                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       233825                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13366621                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1179261                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       203293                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  19                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            1922650                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1868545                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           743389                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.470616                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             13340199                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            13339908                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         7930579                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        20778752                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.469676                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.381668                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000001                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     12268684                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2115251                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3343                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       206227                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24424681                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502307                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.318193                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19412055     79.48%     79.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2324592      9.52%     88.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       975252      3.99%     92.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       584313      2.39%     95.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       405299      1.66%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       261144      1.07%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       136726      0.56%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       109023      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       216277      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24424681                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     12268684                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              1859286                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             1128741                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              1668                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1755765                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        11060836                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       249611                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       216277                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           38592274                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          29143477                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                306952                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               3602123                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            12268684                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.840238                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.840238                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.352083                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.352083                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       60294368                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      18509544                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      13452068                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         3340                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        1937482                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1748051                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       103622                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       735172                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         690226                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         106499                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4510                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20523364                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             12177019                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           1937482                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       796725                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2407069                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        327513                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      2719506                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1179531                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       103869                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     25871287                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.552260                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.855130                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       23464218     90.70%     90.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          85656      0.33%     91.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         175930      0.68%     91.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          73832      0.29%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         398533      1.54%     93.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         355766      1.38%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          69133      0.27%     95.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         144841      0.56%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        1103378      4.26%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     25871287                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.068215                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.428732                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       20310135                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      2934337                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2398057                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         7651                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       221102                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       170085                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          246                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     14278221                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1528                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       221102                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       20338195                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       2715878                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       123330                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2380462                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        92313                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     14269362                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           42                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        46486                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        30741                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1000                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     16767678                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     67196461                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     67196461                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     14819441                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        1948185                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         1662                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          844                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          216762                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      3360378                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      1697611                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15374                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        83260                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         14238790                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1668                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        13669161                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8021                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1131559                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2728895                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           17                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25871287                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.528353                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.319190                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20963759     81.03%     81.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1497183      5.79%     86.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1212644      4.69%     91.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       523710      2.02%     93.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       655773      2.53%     96.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       619801      2.40%     98.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       352927      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        28019      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        17471      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25871287                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         34413     11.30%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead       262544     86.19%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7656      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8582873     62.79%     62.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       119417      0.87%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          818      0.01%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3272879     23.94%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1693174     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     13669161                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.481268                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            304613                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022285                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53522241                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15372381                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13550543                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     13973774                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        24843                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       135403                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           56                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          366                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11335                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1208                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       221102                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       2646745                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        26317                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14240474                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          158                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3360378                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1697611                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          844                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        16291                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           13                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          366                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        59583                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        61725                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       121308                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13572632                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3262212                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        96527                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  16                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            4955203                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        1777632                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          1692991                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.477869                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             13551002                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            13550543                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         7324702                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        14474471                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.477092                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.506043                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10996192                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     12922439                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1319507                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1651                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       105659                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     25650185                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.503795                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.322593                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20945118     81.66%     81.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1732151      6.75%     88.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       806889      3.15%     91.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       792969      3.09%     94.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       218889      0.85%     95.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       907427      3.54%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        69229      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        50566      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       126947      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     25650185                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     10996192                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     12922439                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              4911248                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             3224972                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               824                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1706325                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        11491458                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       125227                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       126947                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           39765145                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          28705053                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                442300                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               2531098                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          10996192                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            12922439                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     10996192                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.582929                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.582929                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.387157                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.387157                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       67083729                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      15747111                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      16985520                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         1648                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        2201549                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1801413                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       216169                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       897571                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         862962                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         226757                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9817                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21154334                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             12312932                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           2201549                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      1089719                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2568782                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        593321                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      1129927                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1916                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1296182                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       216202                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     25229334                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599326                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.935837                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       22660552     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         120229      0.48%     90.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         189795      0.75%     91.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         256897      1.02%     92.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         264754      1.05%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         224095      0.89%     94.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         124056      0.49%     94.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         185398      0.73%     95.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        1203558      4.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     25229334                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.077513                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.433518                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       20939912                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      1348442                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2563820                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         3075                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       374083                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       362127                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          267                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     15106616                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1561                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       374083                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       20998003                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        178755                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      1036801                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2509529                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       132161                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     15100130                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           24                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        19273                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        56859                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     21071347                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     70243680                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     70243680                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     18218034                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        2853303                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         3691                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1897                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          396511                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      1414639                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       765012                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8948                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       235362                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         15079351                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3704                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        14303962                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2293                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1696435                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4074235                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           91                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25229334                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566958                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.257430                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19139078     75.86%     75.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2533220     10.04%     85.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1277284      5.06%     90.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       936222      3.71%     94.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       738943      2.93%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       301280      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       191148      0.76%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        98824      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        13335      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25229334                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2752     11.34%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9135     37.65%     48.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12377     51.01%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12029834     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       213630      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1791      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1296223      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       762484      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     14303962                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.503618                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             24264                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001696                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53863815                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16779554                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14085380                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     14328226                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        29713                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       230839                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           66                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11920                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       374083                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        147074                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12898                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15083081                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6466                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1414639                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       765012                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1900                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10873                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           66                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       124313                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       123015                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       247328                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14103338                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1219394                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       200624                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            1981812                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        2003938                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           762418                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.496555                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             14085499                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            14085380                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         8088786                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        21798292                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.495922                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.371074                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10620598                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     13068971                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2014125                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3613                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       218659                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24855251                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525803                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.367274                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19458859     78.29%     78.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2691318     10.83%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1001324      4.03%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       478434      1.92%     95.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       423749      1.70%     96.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       231890      0.93%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       190190      0.77%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        91779      0.37%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       287708      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24855251                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     10620598                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     13068971                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              1936890                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             1183798                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              1802                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1884739                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        11774915                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       269174                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       287708                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           39650561                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          30540303                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                322341                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               3173051                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          10620598                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            13068971                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     10620598                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.674274                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.674274                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.373933                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.373933                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       63470808                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      19621532                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      14003288                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         3610                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        1992620                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1629574                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       196569                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       819774                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         782560                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         204276                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8771                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19322168                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             11309450                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           1992620                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       986836                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2367940                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        573441                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       978394                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1190279                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       197564                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     23041073                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599685                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.944194                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       20673133     89.72%     89.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         128688      0.56%     90.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         202412      0.88%     91.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         322084      1.40%     92.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         132785      0.58%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         148412      0.64%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         159887      0.69%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         104272      0.45%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1169400      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     23041073                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.070157                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.398187                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       19135811                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      1166529                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2360362                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         6076                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       372294                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       326533                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          278                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     13806134                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1642                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       372294                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       19166895                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        249000                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       827712                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2335956                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        89203                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     13795380                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents         2789                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        23665                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        32965                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents         6773                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     19151774                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     64166981                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     64166981                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     16301647                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        2850118                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         3541                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1962                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          263398                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      1315435                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       707113                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21169                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       160512                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         13773665                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3553                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        13018848                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17112                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1769739                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3978048                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          370                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23041073                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565028                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258839                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17550196     76.17%     76.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2205024      9.57%     85.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1204370      5.23%     90.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       823495      3.57%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       766773      3.33%     97.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       219291      0.95%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       172987      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        58366      0.25%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        40571      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23041073                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3116     12.79%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9456     38.80%     51.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11799     48.41%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10905087     83.76%     83.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       206004      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1577      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1203823      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       702357      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     13018848                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.458372                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             24371                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001872                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49120252                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15547111                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12806382                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     13043219                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        38488                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       239400                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           36                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          158                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        22855                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          839                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       372294                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        173094                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12114                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13777244                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5855                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1315435                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       707113                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1963                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9003                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          158                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       113597                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       113015                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       226612                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12831353                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1131782                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       187495                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            1833771                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        1805526                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           701989                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.451770                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             12806586                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            12806382                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         7488704                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        19556684                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.450891                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.382923                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9575824                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     11737492                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2039807                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3183                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       200479                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22668779                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.517782                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369262                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17902488     78.97%     78.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2308767     10.18%     89.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       898862      3.97%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       484680      2.14%     95.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       361302      1.59%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       202454      0.89%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       125288      0.55%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       111749      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       273189      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22668779                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      9575824                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     11737492                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              1760289                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             1076031                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              1588                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1684734                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        10576509                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       238482                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       273189                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           36172824                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          27926943                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                315302                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               5361312                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           9575824                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            11737492                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      9575824                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.966051                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.966051                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.337149                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.337149                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       57858091                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      17753406                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      12877875                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         3180                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        2196144                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1796871                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       215929                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       902183                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         862541                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         226587                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9790                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21130359                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             12283332                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           2196144                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      1089128                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2562587                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        591347                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      1144230                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1294213                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       215969                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     25209795                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598344                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934209                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       22647208     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         119416      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         189537      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         256288      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         263509      1.05%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         223549      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         125803      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         185701      0.74%     95.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1198784      4.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     25209795                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.077323                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.432475                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       20913829                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      1362861                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2557694                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         3051                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       372358                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       361347                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          262                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     15070293                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1519                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       372358                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       20971983                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        182958                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      1046930                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2503279                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       132285                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     15063825                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           21                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        19271                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        56878                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     21018938                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     70078715                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     70078715                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     18185718                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        2833215                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         3733                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1942                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          395999                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      1410917                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       763366                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9039                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       174432                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         15043958                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3747                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        14275048                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2274                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1686007                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4045492                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          139                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25209795                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566250                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259837                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19176296     76.07%     76.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2476416      9.82%     85.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1256200      4.98%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       950049      3.77%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       746784      2.96%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       301384      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       190010      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        99279      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        13377      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25209795                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2609     10.90%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8730     36.49%     47.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12588     52.61%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12005125     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       213025      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1788      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1294336      9.07%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       760774      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     14275048                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.502600                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             23927                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001676                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53786092                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16733777                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14057382                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     14298975                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        28569                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       229243                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           66                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11614                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       372358                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        150987                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12980                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15047730                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6111                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1410917                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       763366                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1945                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11008                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           66                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       124775                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       122027                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       246802                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14075120                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1216534                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       199928                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  25                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            1977239                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        1999423                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           760705                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.495561                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             14057508                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            14057382                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         8070208                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        21752507                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.494937                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.371001                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10601751                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     13045686                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2002052                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3608                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       218422                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24837437                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525243                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372930                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19489117     78.47%     78.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2648746     10.66%     89.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1003354      4.04%     93.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       477180      1.92%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       400327      1.61%     96.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       230968      0.93%     97.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       204231      0.82%     98.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        90954      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       292560      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24837437                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     10601751                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     13045686                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              1933423                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             1181671                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              1800                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1881351                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        11753949                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       268687                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       292560                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           39592537                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          30467856                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                321818                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               3192590                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          10601751                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            13045686                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     10601751                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.679028                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.679028                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.373270                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.373270                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       63348620                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      19581445                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      13969842                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         3604                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               28402165                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        1940690                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1737535                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       155347                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1312377                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1282275                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         112938                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4630                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20598021                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             11032966                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           1940690                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      1395213                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2459727                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        511657                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       840142                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1246834                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       152111                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     24253362                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.508094                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.740550                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       21793635     89.86%     89.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         380774      1.57%     91.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         185026      0.76%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         375417      1.55%     93.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         115230      0.48%     94.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         349345      1.44%     95.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          53302      0.22%     95.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          86611      0.36%     96.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         914022      3.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     24253362                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.068329                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.388455                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       20406331                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      1036857                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2454652                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         2020                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       353501                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       178719                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred         1971                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     12300823                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         4646                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       353501                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       20428645                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        685134                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       282069                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2432222                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        71785                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     12281246                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         9513                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        55055                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     16052115                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     55592891                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     55592891                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     12984317                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        3067675                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         1598                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          810                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          164447                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      2253575                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       349892                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3113                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        79609                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         12215836                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1602                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        11426663                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7679                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2228307                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4584672                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24253362                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.471137                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.082643                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19241336     79.33%     79.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1556025      6.42%     85.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1706762      7.04%     92.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       976724      4.03%     96.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       496507      2.05%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       124214      0.51%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       145519      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3470      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2805      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24253362                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18840     57.34%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7747     23.58%     80.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6271     19.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8936090     78.20%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        86975      0.76%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          790      0.01%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2056281     18.00%     96.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       346527      3.03%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     11426663                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.402317                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32858                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002876                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     47147225                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14445781                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11135364                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     11459521                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8698                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       461874                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           40                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8984                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       353501                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        604182                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8485                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12217444                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          483                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2253575                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       349892                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          808                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4077                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          248                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           40                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       104812                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        59648                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       164460                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11284856                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2028146                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       141807                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            2374635                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        1718747                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           346489                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.397324                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             11138290                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            11135364                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         6746587                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        14540461                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.392060                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.463987                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8887716                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      9972344                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2245519                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1590                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       154186                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23899861                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.417255                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.286054                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20205710     84.54%     84.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1438809      6.02%     90.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       936893      3.92%     94.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       291685      1.22%     95.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       493667      2.07%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        93991      0.39%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        59363      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        54051      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       325692      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23899861                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      8887716                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      9972344                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              2132577                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             1791669                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               794                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1533299                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         8704484                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       121385                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       325692                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           35792006                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          24789584                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                464484                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               4148803                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           8887716                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             9972344                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      8887716                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     3.195665                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               3.195665                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.312924                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.312924                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       52512350                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      14473966                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      13124430                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         1588                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        1933709                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1731512                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       154894                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1307287                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1277732                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         112595                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4589                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20529288                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             10994942                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           1933709                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      1390327                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2451663                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        510450                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       875279                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1242653                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       151683                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     24210950                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.507306                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.739324                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       21759287     89.87%     89.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         379801      1.57%     91.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         184145      0.76%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         374119      1.55%     93.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         114778      0.47%     94.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         348480      1.44%     95.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          53083      0.22%     95.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          86156      0.36%     96.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         911101      3.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     24210950                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.068083                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.387113                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       20336353                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      1073262                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2446573                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         2004                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       352757                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       177954                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred         1963                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     12260214                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         4618                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       352757                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       20358803                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        694336                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       308734                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2424105                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        72209                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     12240719                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents           26                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         9585                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        55424                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     15998862                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     55412955                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     55412955                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     12936598                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        3062233                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         1594                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          809                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          165019                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      2246576                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       348368                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3081                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        79180                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         12176080                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1597                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        11387802                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7465                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2224866                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4578978                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24210950                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.470358                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.081861                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19216445     79.37%     79.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1549663      6.40%     85.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1701052      7.03%     92.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       974023      4.02%     96.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       494627      2.04%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       124334      0.51%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       144631      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3398      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2777      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24210950                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18568     57.06%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7732     23.76%     80.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6244     19.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8906002     78.21%     78.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        86609      0.76%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          787      0.01%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2049368     18.00%     96.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       345036      3.03%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     11387802                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.400945                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32544                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002858                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     47026558                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14402579                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11097128                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     11420346                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8849                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       460695                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           40                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8943                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       352757                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        612698                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8499                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12177686                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          481                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2246576                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       348368                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          805                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4080                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          243                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           40                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       104342                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        59549                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       163891                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11245356                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2020593                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       142441                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            2365597                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        1712489                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           345004                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.395930                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             11099942                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            11097128                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         6724643                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        14498669                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.390711                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.463811                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8856243                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      9936131                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2242052                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1586                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       153740                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23858193                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.416466                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.285107                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20177822     84.57%     84.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1433472      6.01%     90.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       933307      3.91%     94.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       290760      1.22%     95.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       491638      2.06%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        93363      0.39%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        59297      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53656      0.22%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       324878      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23858193                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      8856243                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      9936131                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              2125306                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             1785881                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               792                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1527807                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         8672585                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       120846                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       324878                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           35711472                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          24709408                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                462741                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               4191435                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           8856243                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             9936131                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      8856243                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     3.207047                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               3.207047                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.311813                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.311813                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       52331188                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      14423786                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      13079156                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         1584                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        2198102                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1798453                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       215952                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       904418                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         863678                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         227149                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9852                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21144337                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             12293894                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           2198102                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      1090827                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2565591                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        591592                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      1154255                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1295157                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       215960                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     25237020                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598183                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933804                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       22671429     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         119774      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         190040      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         257199      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         263644      1.04%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         223819      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         126064      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         185558      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1199493      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     25237020                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.077391                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.432847                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       20928104                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      1372645                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2560698                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         2998                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       372573                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       361652                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          265                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     15082134                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1543                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       372573                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       20985889                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        178468                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      1061997                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2506644                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       131447                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     15075719                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        19187                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        56527                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     21037773                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     70131761                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     70131761                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     18202186                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        2835587                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         3724                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1930                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          393305                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      1411694                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       764086                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8922                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       175298                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         15055561                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3737                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        14285971                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2274                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1685645                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4047456                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          125                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25237020                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566072                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259492                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19198171     76.07%     76.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2478197      9.82%     85.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1257601      4.98%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       952231      3.77%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       746695      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       301577      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       190053      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        99064      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        13431      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25237020                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2734     11.47%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8726     36.61%     48.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12374     51.92%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12013604     84.09%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       213270      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1790      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1295811      9.07%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       761496      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     14285971                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.502985                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             23834                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001668                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53835070                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16745009                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14068444                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     14309805                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        29195                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       228932                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           68                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11638                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       372573                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        146845                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13019                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15059323                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6195                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1411694                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       764086                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1934                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11045                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           68                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       125108                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       121596                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       246704                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14086408                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1218181                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       199563                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  25                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            1979617                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        2001288                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           761436                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.495959                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             14068575                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            14068444                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         8075811                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        21761210                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.495326                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.371110                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10611410                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     13057567                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2001770                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3612                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       218445                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24864447                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525150                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372732                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19510061     78.47%     78.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2652369     10.67%     89.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1004578      4.04%     93.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       478019      1.92%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       400098      1.61%     96.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       231022      0.93%     97.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       204564      0.82%     98.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        90789      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       292947      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24864447                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     10611410                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     13057567                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              1935210                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             1182762                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              1802                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1883056                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        11764673                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       268935                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       292947                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           39630759                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          30491265                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                322074                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               3165365                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          10611410                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            13057567                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     10611410                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.676589                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.676589                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.373610                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.373610                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       63399100                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      19597800                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      13982305                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         3608                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        1992945                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1629587                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       196510                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       821467                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         783178                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         204229                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8848                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19318641                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             11310277                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           1992945                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       987407                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2368546                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        572169                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       949399                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1190256                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       197616                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     23007966                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600514                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.945234                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       20639420     89.71%     89.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         128777      0.56%     90.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         202967      0.88%     91.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         321638      1.40%     92.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         133649      0.58%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         149079      0.65%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         159228      0.69%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         104039      0.45%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1169169      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     23007966                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.070168                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.398216                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       19133337                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      1136462                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2360975                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         6083                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       371108                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       326879                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          274                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     13805611                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1609                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       371108                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       19163970                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        254033                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       794594                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2337042                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        87206                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     13795270                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents         2881                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        23853                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        32629                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5348                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     19151589                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     64165328                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     64165328                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     16307062                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        2844527                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         3477                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1898                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          260550                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      1314596                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       707088                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21262                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       160574                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         13773547                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3487                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        13022745                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16861                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1761786                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3956757                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          305                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23007966                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566010                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259522                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17515706     76.13%     76.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2204176      9.58%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1205739      5.24%     90.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       823671      3.58%     94.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       767585      3.34%     97.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       219738      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       172845      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        58070      0.25%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        40436      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23007966                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3126     12.87%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9381     38.63%     51.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11776     48.49%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10908541     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       206198      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1578      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1203956      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       702472      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     13022745                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.458509                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             24283                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001865                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49094600                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15538971                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12810495                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     13047028                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        39649                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       238173                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           37                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          158                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        22563                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          834                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       371108                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        175561                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12137                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13777056                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5959                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1314596                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       707088                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1898                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9023                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          158                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       113342                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       113165                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       226507                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12835271                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1132179                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       187474                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  22                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            1834291                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        1806582                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           702112                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.451908                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             12810720                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            12810495                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         7491295                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        19562131                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.451036                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.382949                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9579035                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     11741531                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2035584                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3182                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       200407                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22636858                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518691                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370414                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17869143     78.94%     78.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2309284     10.20%     89.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       899689      3.97%     93.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       484867      2.14%     95.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       360797      1.59%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       202076      0.89%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       126076      0.56%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       111164      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       273762      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22636858                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      9579035                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     11741531                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              1760948                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             1076423                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              1588                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1685323                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        10580169                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       238580                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       273762                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           36140146                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          27925367                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                314949                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               5394419                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           9579035                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            11741531                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      9579035                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.965057                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.965057                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.337262                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.337262                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       57875772                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      17758745                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      12879342                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         3178                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        1934420                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1732027                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       155140                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1306758                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1277978                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         112630                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4657                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20537413                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             10997588                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           1934420                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      1390608                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2452240                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        511015                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       858229                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1243288                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       151927                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     24202919                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.507579                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.739763                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       21750679     89.87%     89.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         379869      1.57%     91.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         184385      0.76%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         374286      1.55%     93.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         114657      0.47%     94.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         348441      1.44%     95.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          53043      0.22%     95.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          86164      0.36%     96.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         911395      3.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     24202919                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.068108                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.387206                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       20345148                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      1055544                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2447184                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         1967                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       353075                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       178118                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred         1962                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     12262666                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         4636                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       353075                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       20367558                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        687720                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       298022                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2424619                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        71919                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     12243011                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           26                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         9374                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        55305                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     16002250                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     55420526                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     55420526                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     12937235                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        3064987                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         1593                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          808                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          164363                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      2246594                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       348487                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3192                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        79220                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         12177746                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1596                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        11388935                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7698                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2225845                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4580500                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           10                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24202919                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.470560                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.082067                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19207560     79.36%     79.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1550531      6.41%     85.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1701151      7.03%     92.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       973718      4.02%     96.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       494894      2.04%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       124028      0.51%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       144821      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3422      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2794      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24202919                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18740     57.31%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7719     23.60%     80.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6243     19.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8907375     78.21%     78.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        86604      0.76%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          787      0.01%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2049136     17.99%     96.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       345033      3.03%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     11388935                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.400985                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32702                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002871                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     47021188                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14405223                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11098006                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     11421637                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8659                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       460670                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           36                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9025                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       353075                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        606315                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8543                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12179351                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          432                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2246594                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       348487                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          804                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4153                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          241                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           36                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       104546                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        59639                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       164185                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11246660                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2020726                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       142274                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            2365722                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        1712689                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           344996                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.395976                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             11100851                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            11098006                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         6724964                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        14497512                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.390742                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.463870                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8856625                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      9936608                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2243253                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1586                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       153988                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23849844                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.416632                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.285331                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20169310     84.57%     84.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1433690      6.01%     90.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       933280      3.91%     94.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       290281      1.22%     95.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       492005      2.06%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        93492      0.39%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        59223      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53807      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       324756      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23849844                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      8856625                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      9936608                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              2125386                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             1785924                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               792                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1527872                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         8673016                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       120856                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       324756                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           35704923                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          24713060                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                463059                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               4199466                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           8856625                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             9936608                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      8856625                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     3.206908                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               3.206908                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.311827                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.311827                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       52334815                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      14425714                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      13081496                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         1584                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        2458024                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2046166                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       225239                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       939565                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         898546                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         264379                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10453                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21387131                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             13480675                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           2458024                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      1162925                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2810225                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        628217                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      1978450                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.MiscStallCycles         6237                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           67                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1329855                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       215392                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     26583036                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.623431                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.985878                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       23772811     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         172220      0.65%     90.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         216889      0.82%     90.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         345814      1.30%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         145129      0.55%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         186469      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         216737      0.82%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          99769      0.38%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        1427198      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     26583036                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.086543                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.474632                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       21267537                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      2116549                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2796915                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         1386                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       400647                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       374298                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          279                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     16482251                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1635                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       400647                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       21289358                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         69122                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      1987280                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2776446                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        60176                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     16381671                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           16                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         8686                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        41753                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     22875169                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     76177459                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     76177459                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     19115259                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        3759907                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         3959                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2064                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          211331                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      1537833                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       801810                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9036                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       180054                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         15994701                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3975                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        15333895                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15952                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1962605                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4010111                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          150                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26583036                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576830                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301147                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20087160     75.56%     75.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2961531     11.14%     86.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1211546      4.56%     91.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       679281      2.56%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       919448      3.46%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       283670      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       279309      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       149295      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11796      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26583036                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        105909     78.97%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        14502     10.81%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13703     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12917241     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       209390      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1895      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1406296      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       799073      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     15333895                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.539881                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            134114                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008746                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     57400892                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17961371                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14932525                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     15468009                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        11355                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       295409                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           93                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12238                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       400647                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         52878                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6825                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15998682                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11884                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1537833                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       801810                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2064                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5971                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           93                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       132641                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       126781                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       259422                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15065717                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1382643                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       268178                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            2181587                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        2130387                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           798944                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.530438                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             14932644                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            14932525                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         8945459                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        24033134                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.525749                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.372214                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11120932                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     13703530                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2295208                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3825                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       226951                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26182389                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523387                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.341922                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20382025     77.85%     77.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2939543     11.23%     89.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1068157      4.08%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       530501      2.03%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       486805      1.86%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       204286      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       202431      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        96194      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       272447      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26182389                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     11120932                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     13703530                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              2031995                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             1242423                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              1908                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1986266                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        12337653                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       282972                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       272447                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           41908602                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          32398144                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                327022                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               1819349                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          11120932                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            13703530                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     11120932                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.553957                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.553957                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.391549                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.391549                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       67784931                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      20864113                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      15238730                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         3822                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        1931673                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1742600                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       103847                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       715543                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         687227                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         106035                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4540                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20469123                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             12139710                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           1931673                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       793262                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2399210                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        328402                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      2736078                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1176694                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       104077                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     25826429                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.551542                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.854075                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       23427219     90.71%     90.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          84908      0.33%     91.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         175192      0.68%     91.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          73585      0.28%     92.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         396995      1.54%     93.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         355442      1.38%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          68582      0.27%     95.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         144404      0.56%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        1100102      4.26%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     25826429                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.068011                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.427419                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       20255952                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      2950887                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2390226                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         7587                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       221772                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       169790                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          246                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     14234615                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1522                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       221772                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       20284165                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       2723777                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       133617                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2372674                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        90417                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     14225759                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           55                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        44960                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        30682                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents          753                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     16716610                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     66988410                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     66988410                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     14762757                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        1953841                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         1657                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          843                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          215688                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      3350939                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      1692130                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15380                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        82950                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         14195628                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1662                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        13623319                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8029                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1136207                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2742123                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           19                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25826429                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.527495                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.318388                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20936330     81.07%     81.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1490289      5.77%     86.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1210052      4.69%     91.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       521821      2.02%     93.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       652527      2.53%     96.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       617899      2.39%     98.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       352141      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        27946      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        17424      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25826429                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         34267     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead       261994     86.22%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7598      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8552991     62.78%     62.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       118970      0.87%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          814      0.01%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3262724     23.95%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1687820     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     13623319                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.479654                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            303859                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022304                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53384955                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15333859                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13504644                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     13927178                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        24587                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       136346                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           60                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          364                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11390                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1200                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       221772                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles       2651517                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        26530                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14197304                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          173                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3350939                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1692130                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          842                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        16358                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            8                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          364                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        59352                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        62102                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       121454                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13526683                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3251916                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        96636                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  14                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            4939555                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        1771786                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          1687639                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.476252                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             13505100                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            13504644                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         7298366                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        14419474                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.475476                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.506146                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10956102                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     12874991                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1323795                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1643                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       105877                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     25604657                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502838                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.321374                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20917024     81.69%     81.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1725129      6.74%     88.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       803818      3.14%     91.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       790408      3.09%     94.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       218256      0.85%     95.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       904686      3.53%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        68890      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        50360      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       126086      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     25604657                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     10956102                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     12874991                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              4895326                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             3214586                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               820                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1699949                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        11449195                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       124684                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       126086                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           39677318                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          28619382                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                441572                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               2575956                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          10956102                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            12874991                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     10956102                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.592380                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.592380                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.385746                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.385746                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       66856727                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      15693749                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      16933176                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         1640                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        1937282                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1747617                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       103967                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       737474                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         690620                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         106520                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4556                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20543659                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             12177368                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           1937282                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       797140                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2407232                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        327499                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      2694274                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1180744                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       104225                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     25866155                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.552352                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.855120                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       23458923     90.69%     90.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          85185      0.33%     91.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         176022      0.68%     91.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          74303      0.29%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         398814      1.54%     93.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         356262      1.38%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          68947      0.27%     95.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         144750      0.56%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1102949      4.26%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     25866155                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.068208                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.428745                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       20322040                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      2917461                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2398316                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         7585                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       220748                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       170315                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          242                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     14277819                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1500                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       220748                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       20350775                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles       2692266                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       128570                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2380272                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        93517                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     14269265                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           83                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        47700                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        31273                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents          394                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     16767332                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     67196751                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     67196751                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     14825109                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        1942205                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         1665                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          847                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          220615                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      3360091                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      1698294                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15342                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        82921                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         14239429                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1671                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        13671899                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7767                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1127475                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2715287                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25866155                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.528563                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.319057                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20953665     81.01%     81.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1500648      5.80%     86.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1215669      4.70%     91.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       523734      2.02%     93.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       655120      2.53%     96.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       618892      2.39%     98.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       352754      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        28137      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        17536      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25866155                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         34418     11.32%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead       262036     86.16%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7674      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8584554     62.79%     62.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       119489      0.87%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          818      0.01%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3273232     23.94%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1693806     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     13671899                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.481364                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            304128                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022245                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53521848                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15368935                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13554116                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     13976027                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        24653                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       134164                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           57                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          362                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11525                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1203                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       220748                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles       2620837                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        27083                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14241113                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          157                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3360091                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1698294                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          847                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        16544                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           13                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          362                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        59870                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        61675                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       121545                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13575639                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3262871                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        96260                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  13                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            4956488                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        1778462                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          1693617                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.477975                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             13554533                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            13554116                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         7325092                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        14473740                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.477218                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.506095                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11000191                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     12927167                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1315432                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1651                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       106007                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     25645407                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.504073                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.322779                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20937293     81.64%     81.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1733704      6.76%     88.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       808172      3.15%     91.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       793127      3.09%     94.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       219462      0.86%     95.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       906839      3.54%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        69088      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        50609      0.20%     99.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       127113      0.50%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     25645407                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     11000191                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     12927167                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              4912688                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             3225924                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               824                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1706995                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        11495672                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       125296                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       127113                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           39760854                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          28705991                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                442509                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               2536230                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          11000191                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            12927167                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     11000191                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.581990                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.581990                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.387298                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.387298                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       67099879                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      15751299                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      16987626                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         1648                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        2200787                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1800625                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       216459                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       904708                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         864474                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         227157                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9872                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21174921                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             12309346                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           2200787                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      1091631                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2568212                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        592580                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      1147329                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1297188                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       216505                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     25263777                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598301                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934057                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       22695565     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         119824      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         190003      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         256745      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         264063      1.05%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         224167      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         126462      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         186162      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1200786      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     25263777                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.077486                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.433391                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       20957469                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      1366926                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2563324                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         3007                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       373049                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       362101                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          266                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     15101441                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1559                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       373049                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       21015846                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        189949                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      1043672                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2508682                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       132577                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     15094845                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           21                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        19193                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        57045                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     21062848                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     70222969                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     70222969                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     18223432                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        2839387                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         3740                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1945                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          397197                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      1413394                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       765056                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8986                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       175824                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         15074387                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3754                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        14303382                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2306                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1688329                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4054419                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          138                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25263777                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566162                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259546                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19217274     76.07%     76.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2481919      9.82%     85.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1258932      4.98%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       952624      3.77%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       748200      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       301908      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       190240      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        99493      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        13187      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25263777                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2761     11.55%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8735     36.54%     48.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12409     51.91%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12028899     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       213532      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1792      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1296804      9.07%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       762355      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     14303382                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.503598                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             23905                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001671                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53896751                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16766535                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14085592                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     14327287                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        28971                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       229250                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           67                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11734                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       373049                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        158015                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12958                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15078168                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6146                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1413394                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       765056                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1948                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10970                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           67                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       125025                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       122348                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       247373                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14103568                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1219247                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       199813                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  27                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            1981534                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        2003603                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           762287                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.496563                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             14085730                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            14085592                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         8086441                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        21792332                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.495930                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.371068                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10623801                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     13072821                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2005348                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3616                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       218954                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24890728                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525208                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372838                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19530130     78.46%     78.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2655684     10.67%     89.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1005736      4.04%     93.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       478153      1.92%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       400464      1.61%     96.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       231555      0.93%     97.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       204761      0.82%     98.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        90951      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       293294      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24890728                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     10623801                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     13072821                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              1937462                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             1184140                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              1804                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1885266                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        11778406                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       269249                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       293294                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           39675525                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          30529416                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                322656                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               3138608                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          10623801                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            13072821                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     10623801                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.673467                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.673467                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.374046                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.374046                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       63476569                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      19621511                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      13999344                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         3612                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        2078819                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1704094                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       204472                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       862583                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         812484                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         213241                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9147                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19874209                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             11812085                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           2078819                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      1025725                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2597964                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        581092                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      1967501                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1225472                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       203747                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     24812253                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.582198                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.917502                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       22214289     89.53%     89.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         281173      1.13%     90.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         324105      1.31%     91.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         178502      0.72%     92.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         207890      0.84%     93.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         114695      0.46%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          78156      0.31%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         200760      0.81%     95.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        1212683      4.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     24812253                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.073192                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.415884                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       19708966                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      2136139                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2577176                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        19548                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       370418                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       337711                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred         2161                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     14418858                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts        11364                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       370418                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       19739970                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        586961                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      1461776                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2566159                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        86963                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     14409128                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           24                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        22301                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        40440                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents           77                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     20015833                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     67087087                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     67087087                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     17085989                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        2929844                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         3775                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2110                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          235219                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      1380181                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       751372                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19755                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       166284                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         14380510                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3784                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        13592831                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19284                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1798984                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4149602                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          430                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24812253                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.547827                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.240671                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19082159     76.91%     76.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2306232      9.29%     86.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1239837      5.00%     91.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       855828      3.45%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       747744      3.01%     97.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       383443      1.55%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        92473      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        59884      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44653      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24812253                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3388     11.54%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12626     43.00%     54.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13347     45.46%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11374067     83.68%     83.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       211996      1.56%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1664      0.01%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1259923      9.27%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       745181      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     13592831                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.478581                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29361                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002160                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52046560                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16183422                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13363704                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     13622192                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        33950                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       247438                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           98                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          146                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        18220                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          831                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          742                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       370418                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        537724                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        14446                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14384313                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         9274                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1380181                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       751372                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2109                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10115                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          146                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       117872                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       115171                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       233043                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13390233                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1182669                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       202598                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  19                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            1927611                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1873703                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           744942                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.471447                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             13363992                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            13363704                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         7942317                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        20799122                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.470513                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.381858                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10035473                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     12312189                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2072329                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3354                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       205518                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24441835                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.503734                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319713                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19411613     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2332091      9.54%     88.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       978835      4.00%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       586915      2.40%     95.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       406788      1.66%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       262445      1.07%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       136658      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       109562      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       216928      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24441835                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     10035473                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     12312189                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              1865895                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             1132743                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              1674                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1761983                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        11100067                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       250495                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       216928                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           38609360                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          29139468                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                306124                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               3590132                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          10035473                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            12312189                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     10035473                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.830199                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.830199                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.353332                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.353332                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       60405380                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      18543442                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      13459207                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         3350                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               28399781                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        1930753                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1741837                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       103786                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       720109                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         687845                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         106411                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4545                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20474487                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             12139458                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           1930753                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       794256                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2399465                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        327341                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      2748008                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1176912                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       104014                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     25842980                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.551195                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.853466                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       23443515     90.72%     90.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          85050      0.33%     91.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         174858      0.68%     91.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          73906      0.29%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         397416      1.54%     93.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         355021      1.37%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          68910      0.27%     95.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         144614      0.56%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1099690      4.26%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     25842980                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.067985                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.427449                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       20262564                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      2961534                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2390474                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         7623                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       220780                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       169651                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          240                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     14235061                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1494                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       220780                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       20290700                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles       2737182                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       129556                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2372832                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        91923                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     14226315                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           40                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        46612                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        30630                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents          576                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     16715360                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     66997173                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     66997173                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     14769314                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        1945902                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         1660                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          845                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          217018                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      3351897                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      1693205                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15186                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        83069                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         14195675                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1666                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        13626316                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8045                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1130087                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2729723                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           19                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25842980                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.527273                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.317896                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20948126     81.06%     81.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1495477      5.79%     86.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1210001      4.68%     91.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       521935      2.02%     93.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       652258      2.52%     96.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       617970      2.39%     98.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       351797      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        27960      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        17456      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25842980                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         34267     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead       261906     86.20%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7661      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8553338     62.77%     62.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       119077      0.87%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          815      0.01%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3264314     23.96%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1688772     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     13626316                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.479804                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            303834                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022298                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53407491                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15327790                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13507713                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     13930150                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        24524                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       135716                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           58                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          364                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11615                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1201                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       220780                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles       2665621                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        26261                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14197360                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          159                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3351897                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1693205                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          844                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        16246                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            8                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          364                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        59566                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        61553                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       121119                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13529770                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3253563                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        96546                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  19                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            4942137                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        1771847                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          1688574                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.476404                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             13508140                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            13507713                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         7300479                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        14423978                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.475627                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.506135                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10961261                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     12880867                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1317859                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1647                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       105822                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     25622200                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502723                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.321409                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20931094     81.69%     81.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1728576      6.75%     88.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       804219      3.14%     91.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       789850      3.08%     94.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       217998      0.85%     95.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       904412      3.53%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        68847      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        50463      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       126741      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     25622200                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     10961261                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     12880867                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              4897749                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             3216168                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               822                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1700665                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        11454425                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       124716                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       126741                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           39694146                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          28618371                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                441573                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               2556801                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          10961261                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            12880867                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     10961261                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.590923                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.590923                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.385963                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.385963                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       66876146                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      15695078                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      16935426                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         1644                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                         1971                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.579033                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         181231                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         4019                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        45.093556                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          46.605743                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    21.100974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   850.908146                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1128.964170                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.022757                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.010303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.415482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.551252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                  3734                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks           2022                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                2022                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3748                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                   3749                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3748                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                  3749                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1933                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                1968                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1935                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                 1970                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1935                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                1970                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80440355                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1681546563                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1761986918                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      2437951                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2437951                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80440355                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1683984514                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total     1764424869                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80440355                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1683984514                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total    1764424869                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         5666                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total              5702                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2022                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total            2022                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         5683                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total               5719                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         5683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total              5719                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.341158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.345142                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.340489                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.344466                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.340489                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.344466                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2298295.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 869915.449043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 895318.555894                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1218975.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1218975.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2298295.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 870276.234625                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 895647.141624                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2298295.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 870276.234625                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 895647.141624                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks               1110                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                    1110                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total            1970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1935                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total           1970                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     77366957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1511806314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1589173271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      2262062                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2262062                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     77366957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1514068376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1591435333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     77366957                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1514068376                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1591435333                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.341158                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345142                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.340489                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344466                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.340489                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344466                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2210484.485714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 782103.628557                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 807506.743394                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1131031                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1131031                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2210484.485714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 782464.277003                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 807835.194416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2210484.485714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 782464.277003                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 807835.194416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                         3541                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.932025                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         154928                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         5589                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        27.720165                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.301029                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    14.273680                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1198.652570                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data         830.704745                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.006970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.585280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.405618                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         4510                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                  4511                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1417                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                1417                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                   1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         4511                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                   4512                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         4511                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                  4512                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3497                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                3533                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::total                 8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3505                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                 3541                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3505                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                3541                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     58648584                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3299640493                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3358289077                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      9962450                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      9962450                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     58648584                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3309602943                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total     3368251527                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     58648584                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3309602943                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total    3368251527                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         8007                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total              8044                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1417                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total            1417                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         8016                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total               8053                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         8016                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total              8053                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.436743                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.439209                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.888889                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.888889                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.437250                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.439712                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.437250                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.439712                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1629127.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 943563.195024                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 950548.847155                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1245306.250000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1245306.250000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1629127.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 944251.909558                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 951214.777464                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1629127.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 944251.909558                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 951214.777464                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                618                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                     618                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total            3541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3505                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total           3541                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     55487240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2992551672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3048038912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      9260050                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9260050                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     55487240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3001811722                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3057298962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     55487240                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3001811722                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3057298962                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.436743                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.439209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.437250                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.439712                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.437250                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.439712                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1541312.222222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 855748.261939                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 862733.912256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1157506.250000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1157506.250000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1541312.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 856437.010556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 863399.876306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1541312.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 856437.010556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 863399.876306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                         1315                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.511501                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         159501                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         3363                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        47.428189                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.270697                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    31.378832                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   596.849914                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1392.012058                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.015322                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.291431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.679693                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3013                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                  3015                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks            961                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                 961                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3031                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                   3033                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3031                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                  3033                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1275                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                1316                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                 1316                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1275                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                1316                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     94280009                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1077038206                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1171318215                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     94280009                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1077038206                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total     1171318215                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     94280009                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1077038206                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total    1171318215                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         4288                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total              4331                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          961                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total             961                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         4306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total               4349                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         4306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total              4349                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.297341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.303856                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.296098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.302598                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.296098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.302598                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2299512.414634                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 844735.847843                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 890059.433891                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2299512.414634                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 844735.847843                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 890059.433891                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2299512.414634                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 844735.847843                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 890059.433891                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                550                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                     550                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l202.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l202.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l202.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l202.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total            1315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1274                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total           1315                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     90680209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    963885206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1054565415                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     90680209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    963885206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1054565415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     90680209                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    963885206                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1054565415                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.297108                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.303625                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.295866                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.295866                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2211712.414634                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 756581.794349                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 801950.885932                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2211712.414634                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 756581.794349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 801950.885932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2211712.414634                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 756581.794349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 801950.885932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                         3184                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.568721                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         124028                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         5229                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        23.719258                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.130755                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    19.943984                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   898.473293                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1117.020689                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.009738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.438708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.545420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999789                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3845                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                  3846                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks            799                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                 799                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                  10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3855                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                   3856                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3855                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                  3856                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3141                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                3179                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3146                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                 3184                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3146                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                3184                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     63932990                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2904882997                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2968815987                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      6488349                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      6488349                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     63932990                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2911371346                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total     2975304336                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     63932990                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2911371346                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total    2975304336                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         6986                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total              7025                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          799                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total             799                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         7001                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total               7040                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         7001                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total              7040                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.449614                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.452527                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.449364                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.452273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.449364                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.452273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1682447.105263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 924827.442534                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 933883.607109                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1297669.800000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1297669.800000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1682447.105263                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 925420.008264                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 934454.879397                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1682447.105263                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 925420.008264                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 934454.879397                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                494                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                     494                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total            3184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3146                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total           3184                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     60595053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2629038736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2689633789                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      6049349                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6049349                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     60595053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2635088085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2695683138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     60595053                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2635088085                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2695683138                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.449614                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.452527                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.449364                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.452273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.449364                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.452273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1594606.657895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 837006.920089                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 846062.846493                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1209869.800000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1209869.800000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1594606.657895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 837599.518436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 846634.151382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1594606.657895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 837599.518436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 846634.151382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                         1313                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.471716                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         159493                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         3361                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        47.454032                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.271230                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    30.758096                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   597.158098                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1392.284292                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.015019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.291581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.679826                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3008                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                  3010                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks            958                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                 958                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3026                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                   3028                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3026                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                  3028                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1275                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                1314                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                 1314                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1275                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                1314                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     69416965                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1097434790                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1166851755                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     69416965                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1097434790                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total     1166851755                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     69416965                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1097434790                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total    1166851755                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4283                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total              4324                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          958                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total             958                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total               4342                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4301                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total              4342                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.297689                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.303885                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.296443                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.302626                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.296443                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.302626                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1779922.179487                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 860733.168627                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 888015.034247                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1779922.179487                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 860733.168627                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 888015.034247                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1779922.179487                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 860733.168627                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 888015.034247                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                551                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                     551                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l204.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l204.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l204.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l204.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1313                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total            1313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1274                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total           1313                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     65991709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    983263709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1049255418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     65991709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    983263709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1049255418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     65991709                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    983263709                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1049255418                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.297455                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.303654                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.296210                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302395                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.296210                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302395                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1692095.102564                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 771792.550235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 799128.269612                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1692095.102564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 771792.550235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 799128.269612                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1692095.102564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 771792.550235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 799128.269612                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                         2037                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.871695                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         122168                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         4085                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        29.906487                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.624345                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    17.642483                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   897.810934                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1102.793933                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.008614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.438384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.538474                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999937                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3578                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                  3579                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks            652                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                 652                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3584                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                   3585                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3584                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                  3585                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2010                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                2038                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2010                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                 2038                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2010                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                2038                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     47044356                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1568244846                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1615289202                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     47044356                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1568244846                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total     1615289202                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     47044356                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1568244846                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total    1615289202                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5588                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total              5617                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          652                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total             652                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5594                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total               5623                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5594                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total              5623                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.359699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.362827                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.359314                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.362440                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.359314                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.362440                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1680155.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 780221.316418                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 792585.476938                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1680155.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 780221.316418                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 792585.476938                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1680155.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 780221.316418                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 792585.476938                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                276                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                     276                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2038                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total            2038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2010                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total           2038                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     44585956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1391854646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1436440602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     44585956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1391854646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1436440602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     44585956                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1391854646                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1436440602                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.359699                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362827                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.359314                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362440                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.359314                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362440                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1592355.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 692464.998010                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 704828.558391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1592355.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 692464.998010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 704828.558391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1592355.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 692464.998010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 704828.558391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                         2029                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.866333                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         122142                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         4077                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        29.958793                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.622269                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    18.137290                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   896.159904                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1103.946870                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.008856                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.437578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.539037                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3559                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                  3560                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks            645                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                 645                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3565                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                   3566                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3565                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                  3566                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2001                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                2029                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2001                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                 2029                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2001                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                2029                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     60003109                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1604096526                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1664099635                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     60003109                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1604096526                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total     1664099635                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     60003109                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1604096526                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total    1664099635                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         5560                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total              5589                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          645                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total             645                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         5566                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total               5595                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         5566                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total              5595                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.359892                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.363035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.359504                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.362645                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.359504                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.362645                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2142968.178571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 801647.439280                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 820157.533268                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2142968.178571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 801647.439280                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 820157.533268                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2142968.178571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 801647.439280                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 820157.533268                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                277                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                     277                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total            2029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2001                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total           2029                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     57543456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1428331563                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1485875019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     57543456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1428331563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1485875019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     57543456                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1428331563                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1485875019                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.359892                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.363035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.359504                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362645                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.359504                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362645                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2055123.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 713808.877061                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 732318.885658                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2055123.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 713808.877061                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 732318.885658                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2055123.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 713808.877061                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 732318.885658                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                         1318                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.510309                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         159505                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         3366                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        47.387106                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.317084                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    32.095786                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   596.630434                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1391.467005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013338                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.015672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.291323                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.679427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3017                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                  3019                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks            961                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                 961                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                  17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3034                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                   3036                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3034                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                  3036                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                1319                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1277                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                 1319                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1277                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                1319                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     92218677                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1080024033                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1172242710                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     92218677                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1080024033                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total     1172242710                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     92218677                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1080024033                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total    1172242710                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         4294                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total              4338                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          961                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total             961                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         4311                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total               4355                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         4311                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total              4355                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.297392                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.304057                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.296219                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.302870                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.296219                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.302870                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2195682.785714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 845751.004699                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 888735.943897                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2195682.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 845751.004699                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 888735.943897                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2195682.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 845751.004699                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 888735.943897                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                552                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                     552                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l207.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l207.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l207.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l207.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total            1318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1276                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total           1318                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     88529142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    965039918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1053569060                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     88529142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    965039918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1053569060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     88529142                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    965039918                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1053569060                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.297159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.303827                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.295987                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302641                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.295987                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302641                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2107836.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 756300.876176                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 799369.544765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2107836.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 756300.876176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 799369.544765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2107836.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 756300.876176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 799369.544765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                         3203                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.568397                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         124015                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         5248                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        23.630907                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.128277                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    18.536891                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   910.090437                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1106.812793                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.009051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.444380                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.540436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999789                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3833                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                  3834                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks            798                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                 798                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                  10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3843                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                   3844                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3843                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                  3844                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3164                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                3198                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3169                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                 3203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3169                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                3203                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     46302854                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2950618929                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2996921783                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      7327220                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      7327220                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     46302854                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2957946149                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total     3004249003                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     46302854                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2957946149                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total    3004249003                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         6997                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total              7032                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          798                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total             798                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         7012                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total               7047                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         7012                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total              7047                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.452194                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.454778                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.451940                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.454520                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.451940                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.454520                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1361848.647059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 932559.712073                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 937123.759537                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1465444                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1465444                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1361848.647059                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 933400.488798                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 937948.486731                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1361848.647059                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 933400.488798                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 937948.486731                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                494                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                     494                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total            3203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3169                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total           3203                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     43317654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2672798242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2716115896                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      6888220                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6888220                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     43317654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2679686462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2723004116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     43317654                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2679686462                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2723004116                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.452194                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.454778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.451940                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.454520                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.451940                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.454520                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1274048.647059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 844752.920986                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 849317.040650                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1377644                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1377644                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1274048.647059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 845593.708425                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 850141.778333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1274048.647059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 845593.708425                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 850141.778333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                         2034                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.850741                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         122141                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         4082                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        29.921852                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.843816                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    19.331841                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   897.994119                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1100.680964                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.009439                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.438474                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.537442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999927                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3554                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                  3555                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks            649                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                 649                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3560                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                   3561                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3560                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                  3561                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2003                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                2034                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2003                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                 2034                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2003                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                2034                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     71592453                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1615433404                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1687025857                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     71592453                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1615433404                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total     1687025857                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     71592453                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1615433404                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total    1687025857                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         5557                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total              5589                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          649                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total             649                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         5563                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total               5595                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         5563                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total              5595                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.360446                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.363929                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.360058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.363539                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.360058                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.363539                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2309433.967742                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 806506.941588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 829412.909046                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2309433.967742                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 806506.941588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 829412.909046                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2309433.967742                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 806506.941588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 829412.909046                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                276                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                     276                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total            2034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2003                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total           2034                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     68860903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1438719302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1507580205                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     68860903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1438719302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1507580205                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     68860903                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1438719302                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1507580205                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.360446                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.363929                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.360058                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.363539                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.360058                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.363539                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2221319.451613                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 718282.227659                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 741189.874631                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2221319.451613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 718282.227659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 741189.874631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2221319.451613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 718282.227659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 741189.874631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                          990                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.444831                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         182968                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         3038                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        60.226465                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.444831                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    28.478598                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   452.912661                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1527.608741                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.013906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.221149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.745903                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3066                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                  3068                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks            970                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                 970                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                  16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3082                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                   3084                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3082                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                  3084                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          957                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                 990                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          957                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                  990                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          957                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                 990                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     98722069                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    791059413                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     889781482                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     98722069                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    791059413                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total      889781482                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     98722069                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    791059413                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total     889781482                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         4023                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total              4058                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          970                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total             970                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total              16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         4039                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total               4074                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         4039                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total              4074                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.237882                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.243963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.236940                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.243004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.236940                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.243004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2991577.848485                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 826603.357367                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 898769.173737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2991577.848485                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 826603.357367                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 898769.173737                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2991577.848485                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 826603.357367                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 898769.173737                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                528                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                     528                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total             990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          957                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total            990                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     95824669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    707034813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    802859482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     95824669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    707034813                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    802859482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     95824669                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    707034813                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    802859482                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.237882                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.236940                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.236940                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2903777.848485                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 738803.357367                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 810969.173737                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2903777.848485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 738803.357367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 810969.173737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2903777.848485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 738803.357367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 810969.173737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                         3513                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.928820                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         154919                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         5561                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        27.858119                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.298957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    14.385773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1198.648970                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data         830.595121                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.007024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.585278                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.405564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         4504                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                  4505                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1414                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                1414                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                   1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         4505                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                   4506                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         4505                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                  4506                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3469                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                3505                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::total                 8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3477                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                 3513                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3477                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                3513                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     53007025                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3318747294                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3371754319                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     11511644                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     11511644                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     53007025                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3330258938                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total     3383265963                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     53007025                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3330258938                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total    3383265963                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         7973                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total              8010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1414                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total            1414                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         7982                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total               8019                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         7982                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total              8019                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.435093                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.437578                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.888889                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.888889                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.435605                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.438085                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.435605                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.438085                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1472417.361111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 956687.026232                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 961984.113837                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1438955.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1438955.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1472417.361111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 957796.645959                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 963070.299744                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1472417.361111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 957796.645959                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 963070.299744                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                613                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                     613                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3469                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total            3513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3477                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total           3513                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     49846225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3014089170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3063935395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     10808783                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10808783                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     49846225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3024897953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3074744178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     49846225                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3024897953                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3074744178                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.435093                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.437578                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.435605                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.438085                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.435605                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.438085                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1384617.361111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 868863.986740                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 874161.310984                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1351097.875000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1351097.875000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1384617.361111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 869973.526891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 875247.417592                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1384617.361111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 869973.526891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 875247.417592                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                         3545                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.929059                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         154933                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         5593                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        27.701234                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.297239                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    13.234833                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1200.928229                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data         829.468759                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.006462                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.586391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.405014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4513                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                  4514                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1419                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                1419                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                   1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4514                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                   4515                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4514                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                  4515                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3502                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                3537                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::total                 8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3510                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                 3545                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3510                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                3545                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     62515005                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3289131839                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3351646844                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     12820914                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     12820914                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     62515005                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3301952753                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total     3364467758                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     62515005                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3301952753                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total    3364467758                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         8015                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total              8051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1419                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total            1419                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         8024                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total               8060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         8024                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total              8060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.436931                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.439324                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.888889                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.888889                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.437438                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.439826                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.437438                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.439826                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1786143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 939215.259566                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 947595.941193                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 1602614.250000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1602614.250000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1786143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 940727.280057                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 949074.120733                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1786143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 940727.280057                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 949074.120733                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                616                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                     616                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3537                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total            3545                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3510                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total           3545                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     59442005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2981630556                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3041072561                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     12118514                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12118514                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     59442005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2993749070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3053191075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     59442005                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2993749070                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3053191075                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.436931                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.439324                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.437438                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.439826                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.437438                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.439826                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1698343                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 851407.925757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 859788.679955                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 1514814.250000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1514814.250000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1698343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 852919.962963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 861266.875882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1698343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 852919.962963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 861266.875882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                         1321                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.512426                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         159509                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         3369                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        47.346097                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.274921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    31.711938                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   597.624817                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1390.900750                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.015484                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.291809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.679151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3019                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                  3021                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks            963                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                 963                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3037                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                   3039                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3037                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                  3039                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1280                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                1322                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1280                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                 1322                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1280                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                1322                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     77587490                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1067124230                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1144711720                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     77587490                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1067124230                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total     1144711720                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     77587490                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1067124230                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total    1144711720                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         4299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total              4343                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          963                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total             963                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         4317                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total               4361                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         4317                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total              4361                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.297744                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.304398                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.296502                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.303141                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.296502                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.303141                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1847321.190476                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 833690.804688                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 865893.888048                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1847321.190476                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 833690.804688                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 865893.888048                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1847321.190476                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 833690.804688                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 865893.888048                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                555                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                     555                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l213.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l213.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l213.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l213.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1321                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total            1321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1279                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total           1321                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     73899424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    951874465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1025773889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     73899424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    951874465                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1025773889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     73899424                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    951874465                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1025773889                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.297511                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.304168                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.296271                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302912                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.296271                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302912                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1759510.095238                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 744233.358092                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 776513.163512                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1759510.095238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 744233.358092                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 776513.163512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1759510.095238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 744233.358092                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 776513.163512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                         1985                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.571820                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         181260                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         4033                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        44.944210                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          46.818044                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    20.622649                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   848.772938                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1131.358190                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.022860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.010070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.414440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.552421                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3761                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                  3762                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks           2023                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                2023                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3776                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                   3777                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3776                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                  3777                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1947                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                1982                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                 1984                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1949                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                1984                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     70224940                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1639525556                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1709750496                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      2437389                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2437389                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     70224940                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1641962945                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total     1712187885                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     70224940                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1641962945                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total    1712187885                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         5708                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total              5744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2023                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total            2023                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         5725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total               5761                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         5725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total              5761                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.341100                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.345056                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.340437                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.344385                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.340437                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.344385                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2006426.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 842077.840781                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 862638.998991                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1218694.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1218694.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2006426.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 842464.312468                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 862997.925907                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2006426.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 842464.312468                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 862997.925907                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks               1124                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                    1124                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total            1984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1949                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total           1984                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     67150624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1468521122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1535671746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      2261789                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2261789                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     67150624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1470782911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1537933535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     67150624                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1470782911                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1537933535                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.341100                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345056                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.340437                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344385                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.340437                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344385                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1918589.257143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 754248.136620                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 774809.155399                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1130894.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1130894.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1918589.257143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 754634.638789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 775168.112399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1918589.257143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 754634.638789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 775168.112399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                         3532                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.928600                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         154915                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         5580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        27.762545                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.296740                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    13.516859                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1204.425280                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data         825.689721                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.006600                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.588098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.403169                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         4499                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                  4500                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1415                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                1415                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                   1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         4500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                   4501                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         4500                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                  4501                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3489                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                3525                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::total                 8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3497                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                 3533                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3497                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                3533                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     65832174                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3333597487                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3399429661                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     15692174                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     15692174                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     65832174                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3349289661                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total     3415121835                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     65832174                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3349289661                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total    3415121835                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         7988                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total              8025                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1415                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total            1415                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         7997                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total               8034                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         7997                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total              8034                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.436780                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.439252                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.888889                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.888889                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.437289                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.439756                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.437289                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.439756                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1828671.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 955459.296933                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 964377.208794                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1961521.750000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1961521.750000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1828671.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 957760.841007                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 966635.107557                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1828671.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 957760.841007                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 966635.107557                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                618                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                     618                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total            3533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3497                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total           3533                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     62671374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3027298697                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3089970071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     14989774                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14989774                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     62671374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3042288471                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3104959845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     62671374                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3042288471                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3104959845                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.436780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.439252                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.437289                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.439756                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.437289                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.439756                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1740871.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 867669.445973                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 876587.254184                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1873721.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1873721.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1740871.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 869970.966829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 878845.130201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1740871.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 869970.966829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 878845.130201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              512.188115                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001231965                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1932880.241313                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    30.188115                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.048378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.820814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1223873                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1223873                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1223873                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1223873                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1223873                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1223873                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    114299619                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    114299619                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    114299619                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    114299619                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    114299619                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    114299619                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1223923                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1223923                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1223923                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1223923                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1223923                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1223923                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2285992.380000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2285992.380000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2285992.380000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2285992.380000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2285992.380000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2285992.380000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80799786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     80799786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80799786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     80799786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80799786                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     80799786                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2244438.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2244438.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2244438.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2244438.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2244438.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2244438.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 5683                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              158375042                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 5939                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             26666.954369                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   225.408583                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    30.591417                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.880502                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.119498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       860970                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        860970                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       726358                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       726358                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1784                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1784                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1670                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1670                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1587328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        1587328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1587328                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       1587328                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19341                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19341                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          596                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          596                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19937                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        19937                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19937                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        19937                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8159299210                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8159299210                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    430801109                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    430801109                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8590100319                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8590100319                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8590100319                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8590100319                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       880311                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       880311                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       726954                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       726954                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1784                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1784                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1670                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1670                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1607265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1607265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1607265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1607265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.021971                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021971                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000820                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000820                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012404                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012404                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012404                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012404                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 421865.426296                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 421865.426296                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 722820.652685                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 722820.652685                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 430862.231981                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 430862.231981                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 430862.231981                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 430862.231981                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      6155950                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 769493.750000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2022                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            2022                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        13675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          579                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          579                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        14254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        14254                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14254                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         5666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         5683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         5683                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5683                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1943109138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1943109138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      3421282                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3421282                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1946530420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1946530420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1946530420                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1946530420                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006436                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006436                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003536                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003536                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 342941.958701                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342941.958701                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 201251.882353                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 201251.882353                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 342518.110153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342518.110153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 342518.110153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342518.110153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              570.748620                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1030762255                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1777176.301724                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    28.988943                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   541.759677                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.046457                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.868205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.914661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1179474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1179474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1179474                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1179474                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1179474                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1179474                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     90280287                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     90280287                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     90280287                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     90280287                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     90280287                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     90280287                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1179531                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1179531                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1179531                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1179531                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1179531                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1179531                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1583864.684211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1583864.684211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1583864.684211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1583864.684211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1583864.684211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1583864.684211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     59014626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59014626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     59014626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     59014626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     59014626                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     59014626                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1594989.891892                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1594989.891892                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1594989.891892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1594989.891892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1594989.891892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1594989.891892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 8016                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              406307538                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 8272                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             49118.416103                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   111.107676                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   144.892324                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.434014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.565986                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      3077073                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3077073                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1684571                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1684571                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          826                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          826                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          824                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          824                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      4761644                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        4761644                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      4761644                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       4761644                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        29160                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        29160                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        29190                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        29190                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        29190                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        29190                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  13809058232                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13809058232                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     34009281                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     34009281                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  13843067513                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  13843067513                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  13843067513                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  13843067513                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      3106233                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3106233                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1684601                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1684601                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          826                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          826                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          824                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          824                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      4790834                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4790834                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      4790834                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4790834                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009388                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009388                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006093                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006093                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006093                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006093                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 473561.667764                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 473561.667764                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1133642.700000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1133642.700000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 474240.065536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 474240.065536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 474240.065536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 474240.065536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1417                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            1417                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        21153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        21153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        21174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        21174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        21174                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        21174                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         8007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         8016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         8016                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8016                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3637021855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3637021855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     10093021                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10093021                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3647114876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3647114876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3647114876                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3647114876                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002578                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002578                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 454230.280380                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454230.280380                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1121446.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1121446.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 454979.400699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454979.400699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 454979.400699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454979.400699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              511.515416                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              999991957                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1930486.403475                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    36.515416                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.058518                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.819736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1296122                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1296122                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1296122                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1296122                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1296122                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1296122                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    109361273                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    109361273                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    109361273                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    109361273                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    109361273                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    109361273                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1296180                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1296180                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1296180                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1296180                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1296180                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1296180                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1885539.189655                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1885539.189655                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1885539.189655                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1885539.189655                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1885539.189655                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1885539.189655                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       820944                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       410472                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     94766499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     94766499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     94766499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     94766499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     94766499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     94766499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2203872.069767                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2203872.069767                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2203872.069767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2203872.069767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2203872.069767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2203872.069767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 4306                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              152540464                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 4562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             33437.190706                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   223.762763                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    32.237237                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.874073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.125927                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       891636                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        891636                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       749524                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       749524                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1873                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1873                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1805                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1805                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1641160                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        1641160                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1641160                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       1641160                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        13724                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13724                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        13829                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        13829                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        13829                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        13829                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   4667816745                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4667816745                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      8851373                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8851373                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   4676668118                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4676668118                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   4676668118                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4676668118                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       905360                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       905360                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       749629                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       749629                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1873                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1873                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1805                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1805                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1654989                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1654989                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1654989                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1654989                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.015159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000140                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000140                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008356                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008356                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008356                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008356                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 340120.718814                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 340120.718814                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 84298.790476                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84298.790476                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 338178.329453                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 338178.329453                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 338178.329453                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 338178.329453                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          961                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             961                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         9436                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9436                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         9523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         9523                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9523                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         4288                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4288                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         4306                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4306                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         4306                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4306                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1283896727                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1283896727                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1189043                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1189043                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1285085770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1285085770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1285085770                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1285085770                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.004736                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004736                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002602                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002602                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002602                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002602                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 299416.214319                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 299416.214319                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 66057.944444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66057.944444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 298440.726893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 298440.726893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 298440.726893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 298440.726893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              518.513949                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1005648262                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1901036.412098                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    28.513949                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.045695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1190217                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1190217                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1190217                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1190217                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1190217                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1190217                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           62                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           62                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           62                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           62                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    122748376                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    122748376                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    122748376                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    122748376                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    122748376                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    122748376                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1190279                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1190279                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1190279                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1190279                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1190279                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1190279                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1979812.516129                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1979812.516129                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1979812.516129                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1979812.516129                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1979812.516129                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1979812.516129                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     64343836                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64343836                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     64343836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64343836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     64343836                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64343836                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1649841.948718                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1649841.948718                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1649841.948718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1649841.948718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1649841.948718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1649841.948718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 7001                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              167168352                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 7257                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             23035.462588                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   227.123917                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    28.876083                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.887203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.112797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       823826                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        823826                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       680955                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       680955                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1916                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1916                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1590                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1590                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1504781                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        1504781                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1504781                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       1504781                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        18355                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18355                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           91                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           91                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        18446                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        18446                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        18446                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        18446                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   8271689426                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8271689426                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     62481957                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     62481957                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   8334171383                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8334171383                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   8334171383                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8334171383                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       842181                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       842181                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       681046                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       681046                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1916                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1916                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1590                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1590                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1523227                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1523227                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1523227                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1523227                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.021795                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021795                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000134                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012110                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012110                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012110                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012110                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 450650.472678                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 450650.472678                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 686614.912088                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 686614.912088                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 451814.560501                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 451814.560501                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 451814.560501                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 451814.560501                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          799                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             799                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        11369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        11445                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11445                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        11445                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11445                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         6986                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6986                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         7001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         7001                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7001                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3183719025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3183719025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      7170849                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7170849                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3190889874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3190889874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3190889874                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3190889874                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008295                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008295                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004596                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004596                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004596                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004596                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 455728.460492                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 455728.460492                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 478056.600000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 478056.600000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 455776.299671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 455776.299671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 455776.299671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 455776.299671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              510.221317                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              999989991                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1937965.098837                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    35.221317                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.056444                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.817662                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1294156                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1294156                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1294156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1294156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1294156                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1294156                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     95330529                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     95330529                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     95330529                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     95330529                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     95330529                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     95330529                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1294213                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1294213                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1294213                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1294213                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1294213                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1294213                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1672465.421053                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1672465.421053                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1672465.421053                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1672465.421053                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1672465.421053                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1672465.421053                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     69876025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69876025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     69876025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     69876025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     69876025                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     69876025                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1704293.292683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1704293.292683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1704293.292683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1704293.292683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1704293.292683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1704293.292683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 4301                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              152537901                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 4557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             33473.315997                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   223.757895                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    32.242105                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.874054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.125946                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       890367                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        890367                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       748190                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       748190                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1916                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1916                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1802                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1802                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1638557                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        1638557                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1638557                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       1638557                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        13749                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13749                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        13854                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        13854                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        13854                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        13854                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   4775732052                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4775732052                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      8672339                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8672339                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   4784404391                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4784404391                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   4784404391                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4784404391                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       904116                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       904116                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       748295                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       748295                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1916                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1916                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1802                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1802                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1652411                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1652411                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1652411                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1652411                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.015207                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015207                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000140                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000140                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008384                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008384                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008384                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008384                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 347351.229326                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 347351.229326                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 82593.704762                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82593.704762                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 345344.621842                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 345344.621842                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 345344.621842                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 345344.621842                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          958                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             958                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         9466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         9553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         9553                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9553                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4301                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4301                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1303970732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1303970732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1185856                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1185856                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1305156588                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1305156588                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1305156588                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1305156588                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004737                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004737                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 304452.657483                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 304452.657483                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 65880.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65880.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 303454.217159                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 303454.217159                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 303454.217159                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 303454.217159                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              549.118931                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              919943973                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1654575.491007                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    22.788468                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   526.330463                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.036520                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.843478                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.879998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1246790                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1246790                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1246790                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1246790                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1246790                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1246790                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     54313827                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     54313827                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     54313827                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     54313827                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     54313827                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     54313827                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1246834                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1246834                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1246834                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1246834                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1246834                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1246834                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1234405.159091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1234405.159091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1234405.159091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1234405.159091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1234405.159091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1234405.159091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     47358538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     47358538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     47358538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     47358538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     47358538                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     47358538                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1633053.034483                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1633053.034483                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1633053.034483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1633053.034483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1633053.034483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1633053.034483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 5593                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              205268581                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 5849                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             35094.645409                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   191.844190                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    64.155810                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.749391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.250609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1858159                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1858159                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       339277                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       339277                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          797                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          797                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          794                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          794                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      2197436                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        2197436                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      2197436                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       2197436                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19911                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19911                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19937                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        19937                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19937                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        19937                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   8988121393                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8988121393                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      2224442                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2224442                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   8990345835                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8990345835                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   8990345835                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8990345835                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1878070                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1878070                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       339303                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       339303                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          797                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          797                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          794                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          794                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      2217373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2217373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      2217373                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2217373                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.010602                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010602                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000077                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000077                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008991                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008991                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008991                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008991                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 451414.865803                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 451414.865803                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 85555.461538                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85555.461538                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 450937.745649                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 450937.745649                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 450937.745649                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 450937.745649                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          652                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             652                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        14323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        14343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        14343                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14343                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5594                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5594                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1819469607                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1819469607                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1819854207                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1819854207                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1819854207                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1819854207                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002975                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002975                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002523                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002523                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 325603.007695                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 325603.007695                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 325322.525384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 325322.525384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 325322.525384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 325322.525384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              549.514384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              919939792                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1654567.971223                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    23.183516                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   526.330868                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.037153                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.843479                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.880632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1242609                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1242609                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1242609                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1242609                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1242609                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1242609                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     72519014                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     72519014                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     72519014                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     72519014                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     72519014                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     72519014                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1242653                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1242653                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1242653                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1242653                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1242653                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1242653                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1648159.409091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1648159.409091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1648159.409091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1648159.409091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1648159.409091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1648159.409091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     60329334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60329334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     60329334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     60329334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     60329334                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     60329334                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2080321.862069                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2080321.862069                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2080321.862069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2080321.862069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2080321.862069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2080321.862069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 5566                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              205260167                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 5822                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             35255.954483                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   190.758355                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    65.241645                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.745150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.254850                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1851229                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1851229                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       337799                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       337799                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          793                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          793                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          792                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          792                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      2189028                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        2189028                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      2189028                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       2189028                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19789                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19789                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19815                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        19815                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19815                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        19815                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   9071081703                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9071081703                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      2238902                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2238902                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   9073320605                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9073320605                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   9073320605                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9073320605                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1871018                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1871018                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       337825                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       337825                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          793                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          793                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          792                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          792                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      2208843                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2208843                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      2208843                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2208843                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.010577                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010577                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000077                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000077                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008971                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008971                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008971                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008971                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 458390.100713                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 458390.100713                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 86111.615385                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86111.615385                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 457901.620237                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 457901.620237                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 457901.620237                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 457901.620237                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          645                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             645                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        14229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        14249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        14249                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14249                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         5560                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5560                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         5566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         5566                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5566                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1854171275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1854171275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       399516                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       399516                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1854570791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1854570791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1854570791                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1854570791                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002972                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002972                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002520                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002520                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002520                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002520                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 333484.042266                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 333484.042266                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data        66586                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        66586                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 333196.333273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 333196.333273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 333196.333273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 333196.333273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              511.713298                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              999990930                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1926764.797688                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    36.713298                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.058835                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.820053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1295095                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1295095                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1295095                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1295095                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1295095                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1295095                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           62                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           62                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           62                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           62                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    125240411                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    125240411                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    125240411                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    125240411                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    125240411                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    125240411                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1295157                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1295157                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1295157                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1295157                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1295157                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1295157                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2020006.629032                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2020006.629032                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2020006.629032                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2020006.629032                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2020006.629032                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2020006.629032                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     92713925                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     92713925                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     92713925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     92713925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     92713925                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     92713925                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2107134.659091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2107134.659091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2107134.659091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2107134.659091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2107134.659091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2107134.659091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 4311                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              152539346                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 4567                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             33400.338515                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   223.757632                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    32.242368                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.874053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.125947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       891118                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        891118                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       748890                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       748890                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1908                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1908                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1804                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1804                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1640008                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        1640008                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1640008                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       1640008                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        13762                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13762                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           97                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           97                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        13859                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        13859                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        13859                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        13859                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   4600624735                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4600624735                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      8031668                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8031668                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   4608656403                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4608656403                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   4608656403                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4608656403                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       904880                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       904880                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       748987                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       748987                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1908                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1908                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1804                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1804                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1653867                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1653867                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1653867                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1653867                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.015209                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015209                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000130                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000130                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008380                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008380                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008380                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008380                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 334299.137843                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 334299.137843                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 82800.701031                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82800.701031                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 332538.884696                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 332538.884696                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 332538.884696                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 332538.884696                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          961                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             961                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         9468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           80                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           80                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         9548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         9548                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9548                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         4294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         4311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         4311                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4311                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1287185284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1287185284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1108507                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1108507                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1288293791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1288293791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1288293791                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1288293791                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004745                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004745                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 299763.689800                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 299763.689800                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 65206.294118                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65206.294118                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 298838.736024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 298838.736024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 298838.736024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 298838.736024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              516.462700                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1005648248                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  525                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1915520.472381                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    26.462700                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.042408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.827665                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1190203                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1190203                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1190203                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1190203                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1190203                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1190203                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     62376241                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     62376241                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     62376241                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     62376241                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     62376241                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     62376241                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1190256                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1190256                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1190256                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1190256                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1190256                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1190256                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1176910.207547                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1176910.207547                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1176910.207547                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1176910.207547                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1176910.207547                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1176910.207547                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     46652394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     46652394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     46652394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     46652394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     46652394                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     46652394                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1332925.542857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1332925.542857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1332925.542857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1332925.542857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1332925.542857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1332925.542857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 7012                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              167167687                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 7268                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             23000.507292                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   227.328767                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    28.671233                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.888003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.111997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       822968                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        822968                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       681218                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       681218                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1847                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1847                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1589                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1589                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1504186                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        1504186                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1504186                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       1504186                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18427                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18427                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           95                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           95                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18522                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        18522                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18522                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        18522                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   8223999086                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8223999086                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     70249600                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     70249600                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   8294248686                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8294248686                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   8294248686                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8294248686                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       841395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       841395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       681313                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       681313                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1847                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1847                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1589                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1589                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1522708                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1522708                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1522708                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1522708                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.021901                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021901                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000139                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000139                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012164                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012164                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012164                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012164                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 446301.573018                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 446301.573018                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 739469.473684                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 739469.473684                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 447805.241659                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 447805.241659                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 447805.241659                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 447805.241659                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          798                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             798                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        11430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           80                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           80                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        11510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        11510                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11510                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         6997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         7012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         7012                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7012                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3228841135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3228841135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      8009720                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8009720                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3236850855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3236850855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3236850855                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3236850855                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008316                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008316                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004605                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004605                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004605                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004605                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 461460.788195                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 461460.788195                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 533981.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 533981.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 461615.923417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 461615.923417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 461615.923417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 461615.923417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              550.728002                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              919940423                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  559                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1645689.486583                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    24.398121                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   526.329881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.039100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.843477                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.882577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1243240                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1243240                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1243240                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1243240                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1243240                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1243240                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     86928028                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     86928028                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     86928028                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     86928028                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     86928028                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     86928028                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1243288                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1243288                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1243288                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1243288                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1243288                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1243288                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1811000.583333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1811000.583333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1811000.583333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1811000.583333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1811000.583333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1811000.583333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     71931782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     71931782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     71931782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     71931782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     71931782                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     71931782                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2247868.187500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2247868.187500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2247868.187500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2247868.187500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2247868.187500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2247868.187500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 5563                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              205260520                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 5819                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             35274.191442                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   191.180358                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    64.819642                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.746798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.253202                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1851544                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1851544                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       337836                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       337836                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          794                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          794                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          792                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          792                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      2189380                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        2189380                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      2189380                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       2189380                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19760                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19760                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19786                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        19786                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19786                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        19786                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   9057192334                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9057192334                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      2231732                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2231732                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   9059424066                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9059424066                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   9059424066                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9059424066                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1871304                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1871304                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       337862                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       337862                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          794                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          794                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          792                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          792                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      2209166                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2209166                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      2209166                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2209166                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.010559                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010559                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000077                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000077                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008956                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008956                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008956                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008956                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 458359.935931                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 458359.935931                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 85835.846154                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85835.846154                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 457870.416759                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 457870.416759                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 457870.416759                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 457870.416759                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          649                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             649                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        14203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        14223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        14223                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14223                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         5557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         5563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         5563                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5563                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1865070412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1865070412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1865455012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1865455012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1865455012                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1865455012                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002970                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002970                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002518                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002518                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002518                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002518                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 335625.411553                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 335625.411553                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 335332.556534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 335332.556534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 335332.556534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 335332.556534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              486.773321                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1003118764                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  490                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             2047181.151020                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    31.773321                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.050919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1329806                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1329806                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1329806                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1329806                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1329806                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1329806                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    142480842                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    142480842                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    142480842                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    142480842                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    142480842                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    142480842                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1329852                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1329852                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1329852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1329852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1329852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1329852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 3097409.608696                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3097409.608696                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 3097409.608696                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3097409.608696                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 3097409.608696                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3097409.608696                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3244216                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       811054                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     99125239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     99125239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     99125239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     99125239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     99125239                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     99125239                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2832149.685714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2832149.685714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2832149.685714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2832149.685714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2832149.685714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2832149.685714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 4039                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              148885445                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 4295                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             34664.830035                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   220.751399                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    35.248601                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.862310                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.137690                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1058907                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1058907                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       785637                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       785637                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2032                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2032                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1911                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1911                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1844544                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        1844544                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1844544                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       1844544                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        10335                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10335                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           75                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        10410                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        10410                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        10410                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        10410                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2345711256                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2345711256                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      6114875                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6114875                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2351826131                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2351826131                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2351826131                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2351826131                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1069242                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1069242                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       785712                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       785712                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         2032                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2032                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1911                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1911                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1854954                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1854954                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1854954                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1854954                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009666                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009666                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005612                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005612                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005612                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005612                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 226967.707402                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 226967.707402                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 81531.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81531.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 225919.897310                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 225919.897310                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 225919.897310                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 225919.897310                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          970                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             970                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         6312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         6312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           59                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           59                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         6371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         6371                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6371                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4039                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4039                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4039                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4039                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    998847722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    998847722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1111100                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1111100                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    999958822                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    999958822                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    999958822                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    999958822                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 248284.295799                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 248284.295799                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 69443.750000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69443.750000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 247575.841050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 247575.841050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 247575.841050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 247575.841050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              570.729672                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1030759422                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1777171.417241                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    28.968035                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   541.761638                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.046423                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.868208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.914631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1176641                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1176641                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1176641                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1176641                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1176641                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1176641                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     76580433                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     76580433                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     76580433                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     76580433                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     76580433                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     76580433                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1176694                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1176694                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1176694                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1176694                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1176694                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1176694                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1444913.830189                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1444913.830189                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1444913.830189                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1444913.830189                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1444913.830189                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1444913.830189                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     53370867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53370867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     53370867                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     53370867                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     53370867                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     53370867                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1442455.864865                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1442455.864865                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1442455.864865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1442455.864865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1442455.864865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1442455.864865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 7982                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              406292718                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 8238                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             49319.339403                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   111.111210                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   144.888790                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.434028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.565972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      3067787                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3067787                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1679043                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1679043                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          824                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          824                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          820                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          820                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      4746830                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        4746830                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      4746830                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       4746830                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        29003                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        29003                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        29033                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        29033                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        29033                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        29033                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  13929606362                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13929606362                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     38993933                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     38993933                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  13968600295                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  13968600295                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  13968600295                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  13968600295                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      3096790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3096790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1679073                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1679073                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          824                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          824                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          820                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          820                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      4775863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4775863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      4775863                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4775863                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009366                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009366                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006079                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006079                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006079                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006079                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 480281.569562                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 480281.569562                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1299797.766667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1299797.766667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 481128.381325                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 481128.381325                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 481128.381325                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 481128.381325                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1414                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            1414                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        21030                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        21030                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        21051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        21051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        21051                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        21051                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         7973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         7982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         7982                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7982                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3655552301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3655552301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     11642447                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11642447                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3667194748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3667194748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3667194748                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3667194748                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002575                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002575                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001671                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001671                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001671                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001671                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 458491.446256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 458491.446256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1293605.222222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1293605.222222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 459433.067903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 459433.067903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 459433.067903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 459433.067903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              569.553030                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1030763468                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  579                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1780247.785838                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    27.794359                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   541.758671                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.044542                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.868203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.912745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1180687                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1180687                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1180687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1180687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1180687                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1180687                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     87738771                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     87738771                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     87738771                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     87738771                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     87738771                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     87738771                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1180744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1180744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1180744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1180744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1180744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1180744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1539276.684211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1539276.684211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1539276.684211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1539276.684211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1539276.684211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1539276.684211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     62870547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     62870547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     62870547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     62870547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     62870547                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     62870547                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1746404.083333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1746404.083333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1746404.083333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1746404.083333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1746404.083333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1746404.083333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 8024                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              406308740                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 8280                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             49071.103865                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   111.113692                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   144.886308                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.434038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.565962                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      3077784                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3077784                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1685059                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1685059                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          829                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          829                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          824                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          824                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      4762843                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        4762843                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      4762843                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       4762843                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        29250                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        29250                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        29280                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        29280                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        29280                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        29280                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  13752610271                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13752610271                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     46148312                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     46148312                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  13798758583                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  13798758583                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  13798758583                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  13798758583                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      3107034                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3107034                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1685089                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1685089                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          829                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          829                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          824                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          824                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      4792123                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4792123                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      4792123                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4792123                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009414                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009414                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006110                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006110                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006110                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006110                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 470174.710120                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 470174.710120                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 1538277.066667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1538277.066667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 471269.077288                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 471269.077288                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 471269.077288                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 471269.077288                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1419                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            1419                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        21235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        21235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        21256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        21256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        21256                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        21256                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         8015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         8024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         8024                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8024                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3626922789                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3626922789                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     12951414                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12951414                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3639874203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3639874203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3639874203                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3639874203                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002580                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002580                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 452516.879476                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 452516.879476                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1439046                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1439046                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 453623.405160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453623.405160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 453623.405160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453623.405160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              511.350916                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              999992961                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1926768.710983                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    36.350916                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.058255                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.819473                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1297126                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1297126                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1297126                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1297126                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1297126                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1297126                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           62                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           62                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           62                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           62                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    110232097                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    110232097                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    110232097                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    110232097                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    110232097                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    110232097                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1297188                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1297188                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1297188                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1297188                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1297188                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1297188                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1777937.048387                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1777937.048387                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1777937.048387                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1777937.048387                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1777937.048387                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1777937.048387                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     78082110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     78082110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     78082110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     78082110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     78082110                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     78082110                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1774593.409091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1774593.409091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1774593.409091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1774593.409091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1774593.409091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1774593.409091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 4317                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              152541187                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 4573                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             33356.918216                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   223.678426                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    32.321574                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.873744                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.126256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       892081                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        892081                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       749752                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       749752                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1922                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1922                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1806                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1806                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1641833                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        1641833                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1641833                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       1641833                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        13740                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13740                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        13845                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        13845                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        13845                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        13845                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4600120939                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4600120939                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      8629726                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8629726                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4608750665                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4608750665                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4608750665                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4608750665                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       905821                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       905821                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       749857                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       749857                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1922                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1922                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1806                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1806                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1655678                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1655678                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1655678                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1655678                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.015169                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015169                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000140                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000140                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008362                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008362                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008362                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008362                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 334797.739374                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 334797.739374                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 82187.866667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82187.866667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 332881.954857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 332881.954857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 332881.954857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 332881.954857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          963                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             963                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         9441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         9528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         9528                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9528                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4317                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4317                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1274423245                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1274423245                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1169096                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1169096                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1275592341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1275592341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1275592341                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1275592341                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004746                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004746                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 296446.439870                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 296446.439870                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 64949.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64949.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 295481.200139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 295481.200139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 295481.200139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 295481.200139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              511.957971                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1001233517                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1932883.237452                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    29.957971                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.048010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.820445                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1225425                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1225425                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1225425                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1225425                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1225425                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1225425                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     92347939                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     92347939                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     92347939                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     92347939                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     92347939                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     92347939                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1225472                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1225472                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1225472                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1225472                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1225472                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1225472                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1964849.765957                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1964849.765957                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1964849.765957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1964849.765957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1964849.765957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1964849.765957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     70587609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     70587609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     70587609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     70587609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     70587609                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     70587609                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1960766.916667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1960766.916667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1960766.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1960766.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1960766.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1960766.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 5725                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              158379933                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 5981                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             26480.510450                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   225.414595                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    30.585405                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.880526                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.119474                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       863363                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        863363                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       728901                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       728901                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1734                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1734                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1675                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1675                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1592264                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        1592264                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1592264                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       1592264                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19560                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19560                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          649                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          649                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        20209                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        20209                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        20209                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        20209                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   8157910080                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8157910080                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    482877778                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    482877778                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   8640787858                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8640787858                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   8640787858                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8640787858                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       882923                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       882923                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       729550                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       729550                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1734                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1734                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1675                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1675                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1612473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1612473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1612473                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1612473                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.022154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000890                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000890                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012533                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012533                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012533                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012533                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 417071.067485                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 417071.067485                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 744033.556240                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 744033.556240                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 427571.273096                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 427571.273096                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 427571.273096                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 427571.273096                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      8634681                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets            10                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 863468.100000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2023                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            2023                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        13852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          632                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          632                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        14484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        14484                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14484                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5725                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5725                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1903012513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1903012513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      3420767                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3420767                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1906433280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1906433280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1906433280                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1906433280                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006465                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006465                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003550                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003550                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 333393.923090                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 333393.923090                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 201221.588235                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 201221.588235                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 333001.446288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 333001.446288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 333001.446288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 333001.446288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              569.161205                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1030759636                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1777171.786207                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    27.794040                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   541.367165                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.044542                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.867576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.912117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1176855                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1176855                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1176855                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1176855                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1176855                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1176855                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     83915451                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     83915451                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     83915451                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     83915451                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     83915451                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     83915451                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1176912                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1176912                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1176912                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1176912                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1176912                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1176912                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1472200.894737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1472200.894737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1472200.894737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1472200.894737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1472200.894737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1472200.894737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     66196016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66196016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     66196016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     66196016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     66196016                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     66196016                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1789081.513514                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1789081.513514                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1789081.513514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1789081.513514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1789081.513514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1789081.513514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 7996                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              406295075                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 8252                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             49235.951890                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   111.098977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   144.901023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.433980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.566020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      3069303                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3069303                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1679881                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1679881                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          825                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          825                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          822                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          822                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      4749184                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        4749184                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      4749184                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       4749184                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        29156                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        29156                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        29186                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        29186                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        29186                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        29186                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  13917280116                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13917280116                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     55008425                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     55008425                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  13972288541                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  13972288541                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  13972288541                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  13972288541                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      3098459                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3098459                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1679911                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1679911                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          825                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          825                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          822                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          822                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      4778370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4778370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      4778370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4778370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009410                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009410                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 477338.459185                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 477338.459185                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1833614.166667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1833614.166667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 478732.561536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 478732.561536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 478732.561536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 478732.561536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1415                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            1415                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        21168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        21168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        21189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        21189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        21189                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        21189                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         7988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         7997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         7997                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7997                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3670172391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3670172391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     15822674                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15822674                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3685995065                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3685995065                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3685995065                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3685995065                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002578                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002578                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 459460.739985                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 459460.739985                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1758074.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1758074.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 460922.228961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 460922.228961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 460922.228961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 460922.228961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
