
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001105                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1105127562                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               391204441299                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 379004                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   494821                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  36492                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67753912                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 30284.26                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 11477850339                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   14985283068                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        41728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        19840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        15488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        41984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data         9088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        15488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        64000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        41856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        21632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        19712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        21504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        19712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        63744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data         9088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        15232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        15488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               469760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           34176                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       183552                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            183552                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          326                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          155                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          121                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          328                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data           71                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          121                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          500                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          327                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          169                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          154                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          168                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          154                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          498                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data           71                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          119                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          121                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  3670                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1434                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1434                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      1621532                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     37758537                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1505709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     17952679                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1621532                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     14014672                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1621532                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     37990185                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      3243065                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data      8223485                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1621532                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     14014672                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1505709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     57911867                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1621532                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     37874361                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      2779770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     19574211                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1505709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     17836855                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      2779770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     19458387                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1505709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     17836855                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1505709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     57680219                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      3243065                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data      8223485                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1621532                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     13783024                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      1621532                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     14014672                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               425073101                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      1621532                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1505709                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1621532                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1621532                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      3243065                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1621532                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1505709                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1621532                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      2779770                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1505709                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      2779770                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1505709                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1505709                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      3243065                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1621532                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      1621532                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           30924937                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         166091234                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              166091234                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         166091234                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      1621532                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     37758537                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      1505709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     17952679                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      1621532                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     14014672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      1621532                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     37990185                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      3243065                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data      8223485                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      1621532                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     14014672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      1505709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     57911867                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      1621532                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     37874361                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      2779770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     19574211                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      1505709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     17836855                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      2779770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     19458387                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      1505709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     17836855                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      1505709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     57680219                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      3243065                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data      8223485                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      1621532                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     13783024                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      1621532                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     14014672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              591164335                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         180956                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       162850                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        11300                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        68975                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits          62826                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9799                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          512                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1899896                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1132638                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            180956                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches        72625                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              223400                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         36067                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       262289                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          110764                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11175                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2410100                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.552021                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.857514                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2186700     90.73%     90.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1           7754      0.32%     91.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          16661      0.69%     91.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3           6896      0.29%     92.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          36028      1.49%     93.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          32620      1.35%     94.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6           6341      0.26%     95.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          13397      0.56%     95.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         103703      4.30%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2410100                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.068280                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.427380                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        1878670                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       283914                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          222404                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles          771                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        24333                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        16094                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          183                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1327552                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1097                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        24333                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        1881938                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        241331                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles        31889                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          220127                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        10474                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1325743                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         4540                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         3337                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1003                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      1566399                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6236383                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6236383                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1348966                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         217422                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          162                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts           87                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           24240                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       308689                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       154875                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1381                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores         7473                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1321016                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          161                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1256721                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1173                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       125479                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       309402                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2410100                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.521439                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.309191                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1956810     81.19%     81.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       139281      5.78%     86.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       112339      4.66%     91.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        48691      2.02%     93.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        60303      2.50%     96.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        56308      2.34%     98.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        32159      1.33%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2689      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1520      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2410100                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3096     11.25%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        23700     86.15%     97.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          713      2.59%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       792986     63.10%     63.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10992      0.87%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           75      0.01%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       298590     23.76%     87.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       154078     12.26%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1256721                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.474201                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             27509                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.021890                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4952223                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1446703                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1243971                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1284230                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2281                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15990                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           47                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1784                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          110                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        24333                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        234285                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2526                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1321177                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           27                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       308689                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       154875                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           87                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1598                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           47                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         5802                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7080                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        12882                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1246664                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       297534                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10056                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             451562                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         163202                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           154028                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.470406                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1244078                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1243971                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          673809                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         1335462                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.469390                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.504551                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1175558                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       145780                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        11334                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2385767                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.492738                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.308221                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1956257     82.00%     82.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       159003      6.66%     88.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        73909      3.10%     91.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        72106      3.02%     94.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        19791      0.83%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        82275      3.45%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6437      0.27%     99.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4654      0.20%     99.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11335      0.48%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2385767                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1175558                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               445790                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              292699                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars                74                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           155352                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         1045399                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        11459                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        11335                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3695770                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2667018                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 42116                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                240087                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1175558                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.650187                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.650187                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.377332                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.377332                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        6152649                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1451307                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1570171                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          148                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         184521                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       164969                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16179                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       123055                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         119701                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10447                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          497                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1948352                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1051608                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            184521                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       130148                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              232986                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         53491                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles        64014                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          119206                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        15675                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2282583                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.514489                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.754409                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        2049597     89.79%     89.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          35712      1.56%     91.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          17524      0.77%     92.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          35326      1.55%     93.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          10136      0.44%     94.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          32997      1.45%     95.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6           4941      0.22%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7           8350      0.37%     96.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8          88000      3.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2282583                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.069626                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.396805                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        1935328                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles        77755                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          232366                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles          249                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        36879                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        16756                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          352                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1169898                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1559                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        36879                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        1937154                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         51686                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles        20891                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          230594                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles         5373                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1167345                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents          911                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         3864                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      1524695                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      5282048                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      5282048                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1203648                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         321036                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          146                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts           74                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           14480                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       216450                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores        32461                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads          296                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores         6921                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1159486                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          148                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1074057                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1009                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       230859                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       492180                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2282583                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.470545                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.084813                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1814775     79.51%     79.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       141869      6.22%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       160560      7.03%     92.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        91706      4.02%     96.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        47273      2.07%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        12419      0.54%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        13381      0.59%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          323      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          277      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2282583                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1816     57.82%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead          725     23.08%     80.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          600     19.10%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       838248     78.05%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         7986      0.74%     78.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           72      0.01%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       195733     18.22%     97.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        32018      2.98%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1074057                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.405276                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3141                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002924                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4434845                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1390501                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1044186                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1077198                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          899                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        47614                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            2                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1284                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        36879                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         46587                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles          668                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1159634                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           47                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       216450                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        32461                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           74                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents          371                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           18                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9996                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7027                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        17023                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1059592                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       192773                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        14463                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             224781                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         161036                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores            32008                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.399818                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1044677                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1044186                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          632823                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         1358044                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.394005                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.465981                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts       827700                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps       926434                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       233249                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        15902                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2245704                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.412536                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.279375                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1903114     84.74%     84.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       132805      5.91%     90.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        86802      3.87%     94.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        27191      1.21%     95.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        46536      2.07%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         8534      0.38%     98.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5579      0.25%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4980      0.22%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30163      1.34%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2245704                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts       827700                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps       926434                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               200006                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              168829                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars                74                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           142592                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts          808158                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        11130                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        30163                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            3375224                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           2356271                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 45439                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                367604                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts            827700                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps              926434                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total       827700                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     3.201869                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               3.201869                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.312318                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.312318                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        4931871                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       1356230                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1248792                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          148                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         204065                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       167139                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21439                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        82665                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78385                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20695                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          982                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1954830                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1143704                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            204065                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches        99080                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              237718                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         59748                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       116633                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          121047                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21287                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2347239                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598618                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.937690                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2109521     89.87%     89.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          11089      0.47%     90.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          17370      0.74%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          23279      0.99%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          24299      1.04%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          20603      0.88%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          11123      0.47%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          17155      0.73%     95.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         112800      4.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2347239                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.077000                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.431556                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        1934654                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       137220                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          237088                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles          383                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        37892                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        33298                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          166                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1402128                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1009                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        37892                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        1940402                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         21877                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       102821                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          231713                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        12532                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1400428                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         1765                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         5440                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      1956057                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      6512724                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      6512724                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1662276                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         293763                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          327                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          164                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           39416                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       131682                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores        69920                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads          795                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        15603                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1397087                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          328                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1315505                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          260                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       173690                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       424953                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2347239                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.560448                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.256116                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1792391     76.36%     76.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       227057      9.67%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       115318      4.91%     90.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        87878      3.74%     94.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        68696      2.93%     97.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27717      1.18%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17786      0.76%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9075      0.39%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1321      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2347239                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           307     13.08%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead          850     36.22%     49.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1190     50.70%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1107076     84.16%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19632      1.49%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          163      0.01%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       118995      9.05%     94.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        69639      5.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1315505                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.496382                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2347                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001784                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4980856                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1571112                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1293879                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1317852                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2693                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23740                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1254                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        37892                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         18833                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1279                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1397415                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          616                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       131682                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69920                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          164                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1085                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11760                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12605                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        24365                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1295833                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       111849                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19672                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             181474                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         183640                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores            69625                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.488959                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1293945                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1293879                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          743988                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         2006241                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.488222                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.370837                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts       969081                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      1192447                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       204973                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          328                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        21519                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2309347                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.516357                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.362452                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1820483     78.83%     78.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       242037     10.48%     89.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91800      3.98%     93.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        43478      1.88%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        36420      1.58%     96.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21329      0.92%     97.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19032      0.82%     98.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8285      0.36%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26483      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2309347                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts       969081                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      1192447                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               176608                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              107942                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               164                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           171992                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         1074337                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        24552                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        26483                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            3680284                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           2832744                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 31270                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                302948                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts            969081                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1192447                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total       969081                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.734743                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.734743                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.365665                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.365665                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        5830437                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       1804363                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1298309                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          328                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         180147                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       162185                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        11135                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        68991                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits          62544                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9753                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          505                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1891221                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1127536                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            180147                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches        72297                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              222239                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         35801                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       277204                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          110193                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11007                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2415076                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548322                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.851793                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2192837     90.80%     90.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1           7704      0.32%     91.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          16274      0.67%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3           6891      0.29%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          35986      1.49%     93.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          32558      1.35%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6           6373      0.26%     95.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          13282      0.55%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         103171      4.27%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2415076                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.067975                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.425455                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        1871253                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       297571                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          221257                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles          757                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        24230                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        15949                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          183                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1321297                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1097                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        24230                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        1874384                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        254818                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles        33212                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          219092                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles         9332                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1319503                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         4501                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         3232                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents           90                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      1557485                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      6207013                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      6207013                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1341221                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         216256                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          160                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts           86                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           23282                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       308173                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       154512                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1457                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores         7438                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1314908                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          160                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1250462                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1242                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       125541                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       310126                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2415076                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.517773                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.305331                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1963656     81.31%     81.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       139259      5.77%     87.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       111937      4.63%     91.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        48020      1.99%     93.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        59618      2.47%     96.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        56339      2.33%     98.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        32113      1.33%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2648      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1486      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2415076                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3056     11.11%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        23765     86.40%     97.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          685      2.49%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       787721     62.99%     62.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10902      0.87%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           74      0.01%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       298025     23.83%     87.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       153740     12.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1250462                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.471839                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             27506                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.021997                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4944741                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1440659                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1237752                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1277968                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2280                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15980                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           50                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1746                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          110                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        24230                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        248005                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2405                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1315068                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           27                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       308173                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       154512                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           86                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1539                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           50                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         5745                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6969                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        12714                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1240423                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       296928                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10032                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             450622                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         162295                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           153694                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.468051                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1237864                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1237752                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          670187                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         1326603                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.467043                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.505190                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts       995491                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1169979                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       145285                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        11168                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2390846                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.489358                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.303136                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1962466     82.08%     82.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       159173      6.66%     88.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        73709      3.08%     91.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        71922      3.01%     94.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        19266      0.81%     95.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        82210      3.44%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6375      0.27%     99.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4542      0.19%     99.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11183      0.47%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2390846                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts       995491                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1169979                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               444950                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              292193                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars                74                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           154546                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         1040395                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        11351                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        11183                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            3694927                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           2654781                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 41954                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                235111                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts            995491                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1169979                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total       995491                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.662191                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.662191                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.375630                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.375630                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        6124267                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1442630                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1564288                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          148                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         232258                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       193544                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22734                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        87929                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits          82580                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24448                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1012                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2005742                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1273373                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            232258                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       107028                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              264220                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         64333                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       156056                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.MiscStallCycles          775                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           97                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          126175                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21643                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2468280                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.634483                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.004568                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2204060     89.30%     89.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          15856      0.64%     89.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          20095      0.81%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          32103      1.30%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          13477      0.55%     92.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          17398      0.70%     93.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          20026      0.81%     94.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7           9448      0.38%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         135817      5.50%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2468280                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.087638                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.480484                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        1994761                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       169351                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          262821                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles          175                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        41171                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        35013                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          220                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1555208                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1305                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        41171                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        1997384                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles          6121                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       156995                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          260352                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles         6256                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1544345                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents          832                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         4337                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      2157142                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      7176715                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      7176715                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1769704                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         387438                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          372                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          196                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           23463                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       145996                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores        74677                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads          877                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        16597                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1505648                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          374                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1432991                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1815                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       203486                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       429901                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2468280                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580563                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.305743                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1863005     75.48%     75.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       274683     11.13%     86.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       112797      4.57%     91.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        63789      2.58%     93.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        85736      3.47%     97.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27169      1.10%     98.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26290      1.07%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13670      0.55%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1141      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2468280                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10031     78.91%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1395     10.97%     89.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1286     10.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1207407     84.26%     84.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19464      1.36%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          175      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       131637      9.19%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74308      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1432991                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.540713                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12712                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008871                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5348789                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1709528                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1393377                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1445703                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1094                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30858                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1518                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        41171                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles          4610                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles          575                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1506023                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1242                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       145996                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        74677                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          197                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents          506                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12674                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13387                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        26061                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1406346                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       128993                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        26645                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             203268                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         198375                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores            74275                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.530659                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1393417                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1393377                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          835051                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         2243082                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.525766                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.372278                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1029630                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1268940                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       237094                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          354                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        22710                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2427109                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522820                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.341170                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1889811     77.86%     77.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       272569     11.23%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        98716      4.07%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        49209      2.03%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44864      1.85%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19036      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18801      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8954      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        25149      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2427109                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      1029630                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1268940                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               188297                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              115138                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               176                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           183980                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         1142441                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        26228                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        25149                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            3907981                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           3053244                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 32188                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                181907                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           1029630                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1268940                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      1029630                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.573922                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.573922                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.388512                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.388512                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        6325875                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       1948880                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1436817                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          354                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         204050                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       167127                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21435                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        82654                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78374                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20692                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          982                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1954574                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1143648                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            204050                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches        99066                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              237703                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         59738                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       115022                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          121034                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21283                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2345351                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599075                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.938371                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        2107648     89.86%     89.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          11087      0.47%     90.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          17368      0.74%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          23274      0.99%     92.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          24299      1.04%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          20602      0.88%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          11121      0.47%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          17152      0.73%     95.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         112800      4.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2345351                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.076995                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.431535                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        1934405                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       135607                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          237071                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles          380                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        37886                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        33295                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          166                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1402053                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1009                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        37886                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        1940156                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         20340                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       102743                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          231686                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        12538                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1400287                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         1772                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         5438                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      1955843                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      6512069                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      6512069                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1662084                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         293759                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          327                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          164                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           39436                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       131672                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        69915                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads          795                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        15603                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1396945                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          328                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1315343                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          260                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       173690                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       425019                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2345351                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.560830                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.256465                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1790571     76.35%     76.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       227033      9.68%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       115299      4.92%     90.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        87869      3.75%     94.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        68687      2.93%     97.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27714      1.18%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17784      0.76%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9069      0.39%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1325      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2345351                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           307     13.07%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead          851     36.24%     49.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1190     50.68%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1106934     84.16%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19632      1.49%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          163      0.01%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       118980      9.05%     94.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        69634      5.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1315343                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.496321                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2348                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001785                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4978645                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1570970                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1293722                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1317691                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2693                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23742                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1254                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        37886                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         17296                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1275                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1397273                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          616                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       131672                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69915                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          164                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1081                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11758                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12603                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        24361                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1295673                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       111834                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19670                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             181454                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         183615                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            69620                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.488899                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1293788                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1293722                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          743894                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         2005988                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.488163                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.370837                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts       968966                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      1192311                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       204967                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          328                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        21515                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2307465                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.516719                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.362857                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1818655     78.82%     78.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       242011     10.49%     89.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91793      3.98%     93.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        43467      1.88%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        36416      1.58%     96.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21329      0.92%     97.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19032      0.82%     98.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8284      0.36%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26478      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2307465                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts       968966                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      1192311                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               176591                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              107930                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               164                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           171969                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         1074220                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        24551                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        26478                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            3678265                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           2832446                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 31265                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                304836                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts            968966                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             1192311                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total       968966                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.735067                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.735067                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.365622                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.365622                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        5829737                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1804136                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1298242                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          328                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         150826                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       122968                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16321                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        61594                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits          57168                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          14887                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          703                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1458062                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts               890938                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            150826                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches        72055                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              182817                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         51163                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       175160                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines           91452                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16295                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      1850297                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.586031                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933505                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        1667480     90.12%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1           9567      0.52%     90.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          15258      0.82%     91.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          22766      1.23%     92.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4           9800      0.53%     93.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          11557      0.62%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          11816      0.64%     94.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7           8354      0.45%     94.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8          93699      5.06%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      1850297                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.056911                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.336179                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        1438956                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       194874                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          181325                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         1166                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        33973                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        24486                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          286                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1080694                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1084                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        33973                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        1442622                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         65749                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       117515                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          178934                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        11501                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1078020                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          591                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         2343                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         5797                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents          885                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      1474752                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      5023909                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      5023909                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1207415                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         267337                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          241                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          131                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           33136                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       110011                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores        60231                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3001                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        11537                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1073957                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          241                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued          998181                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1909                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       170596                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       401237                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           21                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      1850297                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.539471                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.227131                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1423963     76.96%     76.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       173499      9.38%     86.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        95696      5.17%     91.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        62748      3.39%     94.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        56917      3.08%     97.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        17677      0.96%     98.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12442      0.67%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         4499      0.24%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2856      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      1850297                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           287     11.79%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1021     41.95%     53.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1126     46.26%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       821825     82.33%     82.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18326      1.84%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          110      0.01%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        99139      9.93%     94.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        58781      5.89%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total       998181                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.376645                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2434                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002438                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      3851002                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1244861                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       979273                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1000615                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4729                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24499                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           18                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           68                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4280                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          779                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        33973                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         55714                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1411                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1074198                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           28                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       110011                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        60231                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          131                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents          741                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           58                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           68                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         8653                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10161                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        18814                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts       983170                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        93664                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        15011                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             152334                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         133183                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores            58670                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.370981                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent               979388                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count              979273                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          579917                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         1472001                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.369511                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.393965                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts       723262                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps       882084                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       192824                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          220                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        16570                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      1816324                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.485642                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.329497                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1458507     80.30%     80.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       170600      9.39%     89.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        70718      3.89%     93.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        36157      1.99%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        27006      1.49%     97.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        15355      0.85%     97.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         9625      0.53%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7820      0.43%     98.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20536      1.13%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      1816324                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts       723262                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps       882084                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               141463                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads               85512                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               110                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           122444                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts          797550                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        17205                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        20536                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            2870696                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           2183797                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 26530                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                799890                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts            723262                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps              882084                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total       723262                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     3.664214                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               3.664214                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.272910                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.272910                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        4461826                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       1339263                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1022629                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          220                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         180552                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       162468                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        11181                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        68971                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits          62760                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9769                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          499                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1895205                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1130246                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            180552                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches        72529                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              223022                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         35826                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       260963                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          110443                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11044                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2403580                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.552343                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.857875                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        2180558     90.72%     90.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1           7823      0.33%     91.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          16603      0.69%     91.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3           6887      0.29%     92.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          36038      1.50%     93.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          32593      1.36%     94.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6           6266      0.26%     95.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          13298      0.55%     95.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         103514      4.31%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2403580                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.068128                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.426478                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        1876522                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       280031                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          222046                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles          765                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        24208                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        16074                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          183                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1324734                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1097                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        24208                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        1879551                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        241251                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles        29608                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          219976                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles         8978                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1322955                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         4207                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         3103                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents          193                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      1562189                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      6223056                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      6223056                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1346433                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         215742                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          162                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts           87                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           22485                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       308344                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       154790                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1420                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores         7495                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1318440                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          161                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1255052                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1201                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       125110                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       305611                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2403580                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.522159                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.311613                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1952409     81.23%     81.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       137840      5.73%     86.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       111329      4.63%     91.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        48656      2.02%     93.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        60313      2.51%     96.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        56613      2.36%     98.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        32188      1.34%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2715      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1517      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2403580                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3143     11.35%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        23851     86.12%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          700      2.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       791525     63.07%     63.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10969      0.87%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           75      0.01%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       298495     23.78%     87.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       153988     12.27%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1255052                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.473571                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             27694                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022066                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4942579                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1443761                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1242231                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1282746                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2313                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15811                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           50                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1813                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          111                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        24208                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        234944                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2292                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1318601                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           21                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       308344                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       154790                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           87                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1467                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           50                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         5739                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7015                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        12754                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1244961                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       297385                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10091                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             451337                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         162954                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           153952                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.469763                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1242342                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1242231                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          672748                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         1331814                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.468733                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.505137                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts       998526                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1173721                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       145025                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        11215                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2379372                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.493290                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.308922                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1951120     82.00%     82.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       158048      6.64%     88.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        73554      3.09%     91.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        72103      3.03%     94.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        19731      0.83%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        82570      3.47%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6458      0.27%     99.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4570      0.19%     99.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11218      0.47%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2379372                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts       998526                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1173721                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               445503                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              292526                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars                74                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           155111                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         1043725                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        11419                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        11218                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            3686900                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           2661723                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 42127                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                246607                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts            998526                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1173721                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total       998526                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.654099                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.654099                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.376776                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.376776                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        6144644                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       1448509                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1567557                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          148                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                2649903                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         193716                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       158820                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20883                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        79431                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits          73649                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19577                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          927                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1856404                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1105721                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            193716                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches        93226                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              241940                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         59828                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       188268                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          116073                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20657                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2325201                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.581938                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.920400                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        2083261     89.59%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          25718      1.11%     90.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          30281      1.30%     92.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          16378      0.70%     92.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          18222      0.78%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          10856      0.47%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6           7235      0.31%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          18869      0.81%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         114381      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2325201                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.073103                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.417268                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        1840284                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       205003                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          239614                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         2111                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        38186                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        31255                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          380                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1348414                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         2089                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        38186                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        1843784                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         17276                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       178647                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          238234                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles         9071                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1346602                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         2025                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         4352                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      1874125                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      6267151                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      6267151                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1569744                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         304324                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          353                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          201                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           25642                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       128967                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores        69299                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1750                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        14774                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1342810                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          355                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1260618                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1663                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       184174                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       428965                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           46                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2325201                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.542154                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.235272                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1793558     77.14%     77.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       214064      9.21%     86.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       114737      4.93%     91.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        80165      3.45%     94.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69306      2.98%     97.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        34806      1.50%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         8798      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5593      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4174      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2325201                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           332     12.16%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1172     42.91%     55.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1227     44.93%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1056001     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19512      1.55%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          152      0.01%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       116358      9.23%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        68595      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1260618                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.475722                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2731                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002166                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4850831                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1527383                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1237502                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1263349                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3277                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24813                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           46                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1928                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           76                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           43                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        38186                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         12858                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1186                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1343172                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          185                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       128967                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69299                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          201                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents          792                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           46                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11450                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12133                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        23583                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1240098                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       109139                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20520                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             177691                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         172909                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores            68552                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.467979                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1237604                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1237502                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          736820                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         1929954                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.466999                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.381781                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts       921752                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1131083                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       212023                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          309                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        20810                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2287015                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.494567                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.308864                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1824232     79.76%     79.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       215022      9.40%     89.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90085      3.94%     93.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        53963      2.36%     95.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37024      1.62%     97.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        24091      1.05%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12687      0.55%     98.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9959      0.44%     99.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        19952      0.87%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2287015                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts       921752                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1131083                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               171482                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              104137                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               154                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           161939                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         1019675                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        23020                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        19952                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            3610156                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           2724485                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 30595                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                324702                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts            921752                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1131083                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total       921752                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.874855                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.874855                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.347844                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.347844                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        5592811                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       1720700                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1257513                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          308                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         185346                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       165630                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16286                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       123074                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         119802                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10549                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          511                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1955029                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1056206                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            185346                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       130351                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              233959                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         53791                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles        69456                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          119653                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        15781                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2295867                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.513917                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.754085                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        2061908     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          35932      1.57%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          17586      0.77%     92.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          35333      1.54%     93.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          10226      0.45%     94.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          32976      1.44%     95.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6           4905      0.21%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7           8441      0.37%     96.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8          88560      3.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2295867                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.069937                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.398540                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        1942179                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles        83037                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          233320                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles          255                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        37070                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        16945                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          353                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1175369                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1559                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        37070                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        1944011                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         55223                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles        22665                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          231564                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles         5328                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1172907                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents          912                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         3814                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      1532622                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      5308042                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      5308042                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1210168                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         322429                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          147                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts           74                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           14338                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       216929                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores        32661                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads          288                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores         7002                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1165287                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          148                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1079591                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          993                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       232202                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       494111                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2295867                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.470232                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.084962                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1825887     79.53%     79.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       142660      6.21%     85.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       160870      7.01%     92.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        92069      4.01%     96.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        47822      2.08%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        12580      0.55%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        13345      0.58%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          346      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          288      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2295867                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1828     58.05%     58.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     58.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead          720     22.86%     80.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          601     19.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       843055     78.09%     78.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         8040      0.74%     78.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           73      0.01%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       196181     18.17%     97.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        32242      2.99%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1079591                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.407364                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3149                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002917                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4459190                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1397647                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1049546                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1082740                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          886                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        47740                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           10                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1249                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        37070                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         50092                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles          667                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1165435                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           48                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       216929                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        32661                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           74                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents          372                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           17                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           10                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9968                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7179                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        17147                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1064921                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       193074                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        14669                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             225308                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         161822                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores            32234                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.401829                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1050015                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1049546                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          635987                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         1367098                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.396027                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.465210                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts       831426                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps       930916                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       234555                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        16008                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2258797                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.412129                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.278563                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1914400     84.75%     84.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       133692      5.92%     90.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        87077      3.86%     94.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        27324      1.21%     95.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        46831      2.07%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         8604      0.38%     98.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5603      0.25%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4992      0.22%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30274      1.34%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2258797                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts       831426                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps       930916                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               200600                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              169189                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars                74                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           143217                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts          812181                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        11205                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        30274                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            3393994                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           2368042                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 45533                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                354320                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts            831426                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps              930916                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total       831426                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     3.187520                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               3.187520                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.313724                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.313724                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        4955612                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1363873                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1253853                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          148                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         192826                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       158030                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20773                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        79262                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits          73603                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19438                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          931                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1848606                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1100048                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            192826                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches        93041                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              240713                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         59434                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       192341                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          115484                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20502                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2319997                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.580261                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.917676                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        2079284     89.62%     89.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          25517      1.10%     90.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          30132      1.30%     92.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          16308      0.70%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          18167      0.78%     93.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          10941      0.47%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6           7143      0.31%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          18773      0.81%     95.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         113732      4.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2319997                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.072759                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.415083                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        1832744                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       208818                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          238456                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         2042                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        37934                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        31167                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          380                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1341464                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         2089                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        37934                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        1836151                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         20644                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       179274                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          237134                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles         8857                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1339652                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         2084                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         4225                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      1864254                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      6234265                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      6234265                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1562252                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         301999                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          353                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          200                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           24887                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       128332                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores        69001                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1710                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        14675                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1336040                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          354                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1254645                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1671                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       183038                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       425092                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           45                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2319997                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.540796                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.233724                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1790580     77.18%     77.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       213391      9.20%     86.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       114281      4.93%     91.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        79671      3.43%     94.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        68961      2.97%     97.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        34709      1.50%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         8666      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5610      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4128      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2319997                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           338     12.44%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1153     42.42%     54.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1227     45.14%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1050888     83.76%     83.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19406      1.55%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          152      0.01%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       115916      9.24%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        68283      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1254645                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.473418                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2718                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002166                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4833675                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1519475                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1231792                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1257363                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3219                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24690                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           45                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1947                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           76                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           12                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        37934                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         16554                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1176                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1336401                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           61                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       128332                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69001                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          200                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents          776                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           45                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11393                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12079                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        23472                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1234498                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       108849                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20146                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             177093                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         172178                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores            68244                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.465815                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1231890                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1231792                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          733289                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         1918988                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.464794                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.382123                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts       917407                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      1125682                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       210736                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          309                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        20700                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2282063                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.493274                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.307246                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1821347     79.81%     79.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       214190      9.39%     89.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        89622      3.93%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        53662      2.35%     95.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        36923      1.62%     97.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        23969      1.05%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12581      0.55%     98.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9913      0.43%     99.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        19856      0.87%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2282063                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts       917407                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      1125682                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               170696                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              103642                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               154                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           161139                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         1014811                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        22900                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        19856                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            3598612                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           2710778                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 30413                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                330190                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts            917407                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             1125682                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total       917407                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.888780                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.888780                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.346167                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.346167                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        5567491                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1712353                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1251250                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          308                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         185766                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       165989                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16323                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       123236                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         119962                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10590                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          511                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1958579                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1058590                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            185766                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       130552                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              234477                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         53893                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles        60987                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          119875                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        15822                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2291531                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.516166                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.757730                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        2057054     89.77%     89.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          35974      1.57%     91.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          17643      0.77%     92.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          35379      1.54%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          10286      0.45%     94.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          32996      1.44%     95.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6           4918      0.21%     95.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7           8466      0.37%     96.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8          88815      3.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2291531                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.070095                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.399440                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        1945739                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles        74557                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          233841                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles          253                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        37135                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        17006                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          353                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1178301                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1559                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        37135                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        1947581                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         51420                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles        17985                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          232073                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles         5331                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1175826                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents          910                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         3812                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      1536758                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      5321718                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      5321718                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1213628                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         323125                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          147                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts           74                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           14352                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       217184                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores        32796                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads          287                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores         7041                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1168155                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          148                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1082313                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          994                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       232612                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       494927                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2291531                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.472310                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.087105                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1820409     79.44%     79.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       143111      6.25%     85.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       161125      7.03%     92.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        92238      4.03%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        47975      2.09%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        12626      0.55%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        13411      0.59%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          346      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          290      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2291531                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1836     58.06%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead          722     22.83%     80.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          604     19.10%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       845354     78.11%     78.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         8088      0.75%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           73      0.01%     78.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       196421     18.15%     97.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        32377      2.99%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1082313                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.408391                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3162                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002922                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4460313                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1400925                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1052206                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1085475                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          886                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        47774                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           10                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1249                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        37135                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         46295                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles          670                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1168303                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           48                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       217184                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        32796                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           74                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents          375                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           17                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           10                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9990                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7200                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        17190                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1067590                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       193301                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        14723                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             225670                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         162193                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores            32369                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.402836                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1052672                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1052206                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          637567                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         1371569                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.397031                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.464845                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts       833423                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps       933383                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       234966                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        16045                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2254396                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.414028                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.281035                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1908999     84.68%     84.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       134135      5.95%     90.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        87311      3.87%     94.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        27415      1.22%     95.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        46921      2.08%     97.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         8649      0.38%     98.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5631      0.25%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5014      0.22%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30321      1.34%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2254396                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts       833423                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps       933383                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               200954                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              169407                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars                74                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           143563                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts          814403                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        11253                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        30321                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            3392424                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           2373854                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 45586                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                358656                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts            833423                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps              933383                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total       833423                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     3.179882                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               3.179882                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.314477                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.314477                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        4967647                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       1367614                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1256527                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          148                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         153257                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       124847                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16647                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        62895                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits          58121                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          15128                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          724                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1485621                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts               907041                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            153257                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches        73249                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              186026                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         52121                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       158202                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines           93194                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16620                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      1864724                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.591792                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.942303                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        1678698     90.02%     90.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1           9750      0.52%     90.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          15583      0.84%     91.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          23143      1.24%     92.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4           9831      0.53%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          11730      0.63%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          12063      0.65%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7           8576      0.46%     94.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8          95350      5.11%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      1864724                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.057829                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.342255                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        1466577                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       177879                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          184509                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         1169                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        34587                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        24963                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          289                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1099739                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1084                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        34587                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        1470353                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         52069                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       114092                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          181993                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        11627                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1096786                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          649                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         2352                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         5891                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents          822                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      1500747                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      5111911                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      5111911                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1229467                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         271280                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          245                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          133                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           34255                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       111717                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        61429                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3099                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        11723                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1092450                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          245                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1016988                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1805                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       171934                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       400280                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           21                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      1864724                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.545383                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.232908                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1430674     76.72%     76.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       176492      9.46%     86.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        97340      5.22%     91.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        63890      3.43%     94.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        58053      3.11%     97.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        18032      0.97%     98.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12816      0.69%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         4538      0.24%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2889      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      1864724                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           301     12.06%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1041     41.71%     53.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1154     46.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       837114     82.31%     82.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18694      1.84%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          112      0.01%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       101096      9.94%     94.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        59972      5.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1016988                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.383742                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2496                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002454                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      3903001                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1264691                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       997947                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1019484                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4781                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24637                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           14                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           63                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4455                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          819                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        34587                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         42306                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1355                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1092695                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           36                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       111717                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        61429                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          133                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents          701                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           56                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           63                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         8876                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10307                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        19183                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1001899                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        95682                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        15089                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             155521                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         135794                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            59839                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.378048                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent               998053                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count              997947                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          591319                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         1498570                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.376557                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.394589                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts       736477                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps       898206                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       195412                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          224                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        16910                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      1830137                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.490786                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.335179                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1465742     80.09%     80.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       173766      9.49%     89.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        71926      3.93%     93.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        36746      2.01%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        27643      1.51%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        15718      0.86%     97.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         9774      0.53%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8032      0.44%     98.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20790      1.14%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      1830137                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts       736477                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps       898206                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               144054                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads               87080                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               112                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           124688                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts          812122                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        17521                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        20790                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            2902965                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           2221829                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 27015                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                785463                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts            736477                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps              898206                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total       736477                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     3.598465                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               3.598465                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.277896                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.277896                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        4547633                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1364571                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1041552                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          224                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         232646                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       193847                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22766                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        88089                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits          82731                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24496                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1017                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2009861                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1275727                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            232646                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       107227                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              264710                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         64432                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       150944                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.MiscStallCycles          775                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           97                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          126424                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21677                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2467842                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.635745                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.006364                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        2203132     89.27%     89.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          15901      0.64%     89.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          20138      0.82%     90.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          32156      1.30%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          13494      0.55%     92.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          17428      0.71%     93.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          20056      0.81%     94.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7           9475      0.38%     94.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         136062      5.51%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2467842                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.087785                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.481372                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        1998794                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       164325                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          263310                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles          176                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        41236                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        35083                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          220                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1558045                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1305                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        41236                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        2001422                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles          6189                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       151882                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          260837                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles         6275                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1547182                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents          840                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         4342                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      2161101                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      7189913                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      7189913                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1773058                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         388001                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          375                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          198                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           23532                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       146268                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores        74842                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads          884                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        16616                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1508433                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          378                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1435605                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1821                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       203836                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       430858                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2467842                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581725                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.306686                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1861361     75.42%     75.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       275296     11.16%     86.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       112999      4.58%     91.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        63946      2.59%     93.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        85868      3.48%     97.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27207      1.10%     98.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26335      1.07%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13684      0.55%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1146      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2467842                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10041     78.84%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1403     11.02%     89.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1292     10.14%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1209588     84.26%     84.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19481      1.36%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          176      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       131889      9.19%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74471      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1435605                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.541700                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12736                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008872                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5353606                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1712667                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1395945                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1448341                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1102                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30917                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1528                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        41236                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles          4662                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles          584                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1508812                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1242                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       146268                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        74842                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          199                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents          514                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12699                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13399                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        26098                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1408935                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       129236                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        26667                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             203674                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         198716                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores            74438                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.531636                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1395985                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1395945                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          836603                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         2247198                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.526735                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.372287                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1031625                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1271327                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       237484                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          358                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        22744                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2426606                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523912                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.342274                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1888238     77.81%     77.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       273150     11.26%     89.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        98889      4.08%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        49308      2.03%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44967      1.85%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19062      0.79%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18838      0.78%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8963      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        25191      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2426606                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      1031625                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1271327                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               188665                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              115351                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               178                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           184293                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         1144615                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        26271                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        25191                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            3910213                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           3058883                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 32270                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                182345                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           1031625                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1271327                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      1031625                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.568944                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.568944                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.389265                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.389265                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        6337623                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       1952444                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1439529                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          358                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                2650181                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         202772                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       166078                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21303                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        82158                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits          77890                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20559                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          976                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1941870                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1136211                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            202772                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches        98449                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              236165                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         59383                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       118071                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          120253                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21149                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2333938                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598135                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.936978                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        2097773     89.88%     89.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          11001      0.47%     90.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          17249      0.74%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          23123      0.99%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          24151      1.03%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          20476      0.88%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          11057      0.47%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          17048      0.73%     95.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         112060      4.80%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2333938                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.076513                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.428730                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        1921859                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       138499                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          235533                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles          380                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        37665                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        33088                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          167                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1393013                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1017                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        37665                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        1927579                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         21849                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       104208                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          230178                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        12457                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1391248                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         1754                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         5407                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      1943030                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      6470045                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      6470045                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1650929                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         292101                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          324                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          162                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           39196                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       130858                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        69463                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads          791                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        15504                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1387924                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          324                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1306758                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          258                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       172787                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       422702                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2333938                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.559894                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.255696                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1782848     76.39%     76.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       225485      9.66%     86.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       114524      4.91%     90.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        87281      3.74%     94.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        68253      2.92%     97.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27554      1.18%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17667      0.76%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9010      0.39%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1316      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2333938                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           305     13.10%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead          842     36.15%     49.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1182     50.75%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1099704     84.16%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19493      1.49%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          162      0.01%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       118217      9.05%     94.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        69182      5.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1306758                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.493083                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2329                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001782                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4950041                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1561042                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1285266                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1309087                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2678                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23625                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1246                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        37665                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         18834                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1262                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1388248                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          608                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       130858                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69463                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          162                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1069                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11679                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12527                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        24206                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1287209                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       111117                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19549                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             180285                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         182440                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            69168                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.485706                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1285332                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1285266                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          738960                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         1992969                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.484973                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.370783                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts       962473                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      1184404                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       203849                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          324                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        21379                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2296273                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.515794                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.361857                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1810734     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       240376     10.47%     89.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91176      3.97%     93.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        43192      1.88%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        36164      1.57%     96.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21188      0.92%     97.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18908      0.82%     98.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8224      0.36%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26311      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2296273                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts       962473                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      1184404                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               175450                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              107233                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               162                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           170863                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         1067077                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        24395                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        26311                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            3658215                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           2814175                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 31068                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                316243                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts            962473                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             1184404                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total       962473                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.753512                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.753512                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.363173                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.363173                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        5791584                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1792183                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1289796                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          324                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         204464                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       167467                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21487                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        82825                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78546                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20742                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          983                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1958676                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1145881                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            204464                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches        99288                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              238179                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         59884                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       114693                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          121292                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21333                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      2349694                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599142                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.938435                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        2111515     89.86%     89.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          11110      0.47%     90.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          17399      0.74%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          23329      0.99%     92.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          24349      1.04%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          20644      0.88%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          11152      0.47%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          17190      0.73%     95.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         113006      4.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      2349694                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.077151                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.432377                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        1938463                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       135322                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          237547                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles          380                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        37980                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        33360                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          166                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1404803                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1009                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        37980                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        1944222                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         20377                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       102396                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          232158                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        12559                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1403085                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         1776                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         5447                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      1959785                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      6525019                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      6525019                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1665292                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         294493                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          327                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          164                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           39476                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       131941                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores        70037                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads          797                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        15639                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1399759                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          328                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1317989                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          260                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       174142                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       425919                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2349694                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.560919                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.256579                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1793841     76.34%     76.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       227437      9.68%     86.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       115520      4.92%     90.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        88059      3.75%     94.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        68830      2.93%     97.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27774      1.18%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17812      0.76%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9095      0.39%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1326      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2349694                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           308     13.12%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead          850     36.20%     49.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1190     50.68%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1109172     84.16%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19672      1.49%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          163      0.01%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       119228      9.05%     94.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        69754      5.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1317989                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.497319                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2348                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001782                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4988280                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1574236                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1296307                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1320337                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2701                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23801                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1258                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        37980                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         17324                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1280                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1400087                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          616                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       131941                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        70037                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          164                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1085                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11788                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12629                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        24417                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1298264                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       112062                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19725                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             181802                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         183982                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores            69740                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.489876                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1296373                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1296307                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          745367                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         2009898                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.489138                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.370848                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts       970826                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      1194619                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       205473                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          328                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        21567                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2311714                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.516768                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.362930                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1821976     78.81%     78.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       242464     10.49%     89.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91956      3.98%     93.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        43568      1.88%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        36472      1.58%     96.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21369      0.92%     97.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19081      0.83%     98.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8304      0.36%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26524      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2311714                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts       970826                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      1194619                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               176919                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              108140                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               164                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           172314                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         1076299                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        24603                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        26524                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            3685282                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           2838168                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 31339                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                300493                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts            970826                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             1194619                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total       970826                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.729827                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.729827                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.366324                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.366324                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        5841379                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       1807777                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1300763                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          328                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                          340                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         112041                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         2388                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        46.918342                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks                  6                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    13.133603                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   173.548625                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1855.317773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.006413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.084741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.905917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          389                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                   389                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks            118                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                 118                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          389                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                    389                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          389                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                   389                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          326                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                 340                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          326                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                  340                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          326                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                 340                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      9100115                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    300704051                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     309804166                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      9100115                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    300704051                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total      309804166                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      9100115                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    300704051                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total     309804166                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total               729                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          118                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total             118                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total                729                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total               729                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.455944                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.466392                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.455944                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.466392                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.455944                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.466392                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 650008.214286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 922405.064417                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 911188.723529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 650008.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 922405.064417                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 911188.723529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 650008.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 922405.064417                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 911188.723529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                 71                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                      71                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          326                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total             340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          326                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total            340                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7870915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    272080151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    279951066                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7870915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    272080151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    279951066                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7870915                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    272080151                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    279951066                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.455944                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.466392                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.455944                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.466392                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.455944                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.466392                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 562208.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 834601.690184                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 823385.488235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 562208.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 834601.690184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 823385.488235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 562208.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 834601.690184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 823385.488235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                          168                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                          47127                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         2216                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        21.266697                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks                 34                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    12.057696                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data    83.968598                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1917.973707                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.005888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.041000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.936511                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                   276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks             43                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                  43                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                    276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          276                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                   276                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          155                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                 168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          155                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                  168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          155                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                 168                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      9206108                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    134484586                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     143690694                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      9206108                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    134484586                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total      143690694                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      9206108                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    134484586                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total     143690694                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          431                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total               444                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           43                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total              43                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          431                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total                444                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          431                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total               444                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.359629                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.378378                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.359629                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.378378                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.359629                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.378378                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 708162.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 867642.490323                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 855301.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 708162.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 867642.490323                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 855301.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 708162.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 867642.490323                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 855301.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                 21                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                      21                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total             168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          155                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total            168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8064708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    120870497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    128935205                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8064708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    120870497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    128935205                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8064708                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    120870497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    128935205                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.359629                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.378378                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.359629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.378378                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.359629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.378378                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 620362.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 779809.658065                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 767471.458333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 620362.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 779809.658065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 767471.458333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 620362.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 779809.658065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 767471.458333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                          135                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.085792                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         115814                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         2183                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        53.052680                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.085792                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    13.624902                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data    60.433222                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1944.941877                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.006653                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.029508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.949679                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          275                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                   275                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks             90                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                  90                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          275                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                    275                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          275                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                   275                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          121                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                 135                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          121                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                  135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          121                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                 135                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     13098736                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     99235399                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     112334135                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     13098736                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     99235399                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total      112334135                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     13098736                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     99235399                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total     112334135                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          396                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total               410                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           90                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total              90                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          396                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total                410                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          396                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total               410                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.305556                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.329268                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.305556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.329268                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.305556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.329268                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       935624                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 820127.264463                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 832104.703704                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       935624                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 820127.264463                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 832104.703704                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       935624                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 820127.264463                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 832104.703704                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                 64                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                      64                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total             135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          121                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total            135                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     11869536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     88611599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    100481135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     11869536                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     88611599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    100481135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     11869536                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     88611599                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    100481135                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.305556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329268                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.305556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329268                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.305556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329268                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       847824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 732327.264463                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 744304.703704                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       847824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 732327.264463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 744304.703704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       847824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 732327.264463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 744304.703704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                          342                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         112036                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         2390                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        46.876987                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks                  6                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    13.132073                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   173.425652                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1855.442274                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.006412                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.084680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.905978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          386                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                   386                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks            116                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                 116                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          386                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                    386                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          386                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                   386                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          328                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                 342                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          328                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                  342                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          328                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                 342                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9484843                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    310550139                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     320034982                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9484843                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    310550139                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total      320034982                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9484843                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    310550139                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total     320034982                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          714                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total               728                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          116                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total             116                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          714                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total                728                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          714                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total               728                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.459384                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.469780                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.459384                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.469780                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.459384                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.469780                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 677488.785714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 946799.204268                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 935774.801170                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 677488.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 946799.204268                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 935774.801170                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 677488.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 946799.204268                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 935774.801170                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                 73                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                      73                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total             342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          328                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total            342                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8255643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    281741598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    289997241                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8255643                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    281741598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    289997241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8255643                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    281741598                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    289997241                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.459384                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.469780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.459384                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.469780                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.459384                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.469780                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 589688.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 858968.286585                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 847945.149123                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 589688.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 858968.286585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 847945.149123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 589688.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 858968.286585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 847945.149123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                           99                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.077010                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         128853                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         2147                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        60.015370                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.077010                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    21.213005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data    32.177797                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1951.609198                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.010358                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.015712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.952934                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                   287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks             89                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                  89                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                    289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          287                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                   289                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           71                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                  99                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data           71                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                   99                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data           71                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                  99                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    100222059                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     64488460                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     164710519                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    100222059                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     64488460                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total      164710519                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    100222059                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     64488460                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total     164710519                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          356                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total               386                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           89                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total              89                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          358                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total                388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          358                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total               388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.199438                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.256477                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.198324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.255155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.198324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.255155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3579359.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 908288.169014                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1663742.616162                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3579359.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 908288.169014                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1663742.616162                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3579359.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 908288.169014                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1663742.616162                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                 58                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                      58                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           71                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             99                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           71                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total              99                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           71                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total             99                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     97763659                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     58252641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    156016300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     97763659                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     58252641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    156016300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     97763659                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     58252641                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    156016300                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.199438                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.256477                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.198324                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.255155                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.198324                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.255155                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3491559.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 820459.732394                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1575922.222222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3491559.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 820459.732394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1575922.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3491559.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 820459.732394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1575922.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                          135                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.088792                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         115814                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         2183                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        53.052680                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.088792                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    13.626500                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data    60.601533                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1944.771968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.006654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.029591                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.949596                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          275                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                   275                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks             90                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                  90                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          275                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                    275                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          275                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                   275                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          121                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                 135                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          121                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                  135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          121                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                 135                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     12573311                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     98156430                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     110729741                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     12573311                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     98156430                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total      110729741                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     12573311                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     98156430                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total     110729741                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          396                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total               410                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           90                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total              90                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          396                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total                410                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          396                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total               410                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.305556                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.329268                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.305556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.329268                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.305556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.329268                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 898093.642857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 811210.165289                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 820220.303704                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 898093.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 811210.165289                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 820220.303704                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 898093.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 811210.165289                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 820220.303704                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                 64                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                      64                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total             135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          121                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total            135                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     11344111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     87532630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     98876741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     11344111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     87532630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     98876741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     11344111                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     87532630                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     98876741                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.305556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329268                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.305556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329268                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.305556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329268                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 810293.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 723410.165289                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 732420.303704                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 810293.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 723410.165289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 732420.303704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 810293.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 723410.165289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 732420.303704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                          520                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2043.518969                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                          86017                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         2563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        33.561061                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks         118.406393                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    12.221351                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   226.010994                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1686.880231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.057816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.005967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.110357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.823672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.997812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          320                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                   320                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks            367                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                 367                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          320                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                    320                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          320                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                   320                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          461                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                 474                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           39                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::total                39                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          500                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                  513                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          500                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                 513                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     11108909                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    464432020                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     475540929                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     32937325                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     32937325                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     11108909                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    497369345                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total      508478254                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     11108909                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    497369345                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total     508478254                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          781                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total               794                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          367                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total             367                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           39                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total              39                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          820                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total                833                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          820                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total               833                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.590269                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.596977                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.609756                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.615846                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.609756                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.615846                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 854531.461538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1007444.728850                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1003250.905063                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 844546.794872                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 844546.794872                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 854531.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 994738.690000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 991185.680312                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 854531.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 994738.690000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 991185.680312                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                281                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                     281                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           39                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total             513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          500                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total            513                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      9967509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    423945485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    433912994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     29511211                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29511211                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      9967509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    453456696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    463424205                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      9967509                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    453456696                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    463424205                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.590269                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.596977                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.609756                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.615846                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.609756                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.615846                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 766731.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 919621.442516                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 915428.257384                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 756697.717949                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 756697.717949                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 766731.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 906913.392000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 903361.023392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 766731.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 906913.392000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 903361.023392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                          341                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         112038                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         2389                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        46.897447                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks                  6                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    13.133803                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   174.105543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1854.760653                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.006413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.085012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.905645                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          387                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                   387                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks            117                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                 117                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          387                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                    387                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          387                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                   387                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          327                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                 341                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          327                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                  341                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          327                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                 341                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     11153313                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    302104840                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     313258153                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     11153313                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    302104840                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total      313258153                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     11153313                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    302104840                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total     313258153                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          714                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total               728                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          117                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total             117                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          714                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total                728                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          714                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total               728                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.457983                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.468407                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.457983                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.468407                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.457983                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.468407                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 796665.214286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 923868.012232                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 918645.609971                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 796665.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 923868.012232                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 918645.609971                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 796665.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 923868.012232                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 918645.609971                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                 72                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                      72                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            341                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          327                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total             341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          327                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total            341                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      9924113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    273391604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    283315717                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      9924113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    273391604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    283315717                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      9924113                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    273391604                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    283315717                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.457983                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.468407                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.457983                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.468407                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.457983                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.468407                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 708865.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 836059.951070                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 830837.879765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 708865.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 836059.951070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 830837.879765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 708865.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 836059.951070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 830837.879765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                          194                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2046.793231                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         132709                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         2242                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        59.192239                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          80.202913                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    18.550821                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data    84.352889                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1863.686609                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.039162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.009058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.041188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.910003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999411                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          371                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                   372                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks            210                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                 210                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          374                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                    375                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          374                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                   375                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          170                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                 194                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          170                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                  194                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          170                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                 194                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     51363701                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    166191943                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     217555644                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     51363701                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    166191943                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total      217555644                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     51363701                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    166191943                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total     217555644                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          541                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total               566                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          210                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total             210                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          544                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total                569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          544                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total               569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.314233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.342756                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.312500                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.340949                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.312500                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.340949                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2140154.208333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 977599.664706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1121420.845361                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2140154.208333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 977599.664706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1121420.845361                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2140154.208333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 977599.664706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1121420.845361                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                115                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                     115                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total             194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          170                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total            194                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     49256501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    151351097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    200607598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     49256501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    151351097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    200607598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     49256501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    151351097                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    200607598                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.314233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.342756                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.312500                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.340949                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.312500                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.340949                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2052354.208333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 890300.570588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1034059.783505                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2052354.208333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 890300.570588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1034059.783505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2052354.208333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 890300.570588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1034059.783505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                          167                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                          47127                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         2215                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        21.276298                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks                 34                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    12.053407                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data    84.484878                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1917.461715                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.005885                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.041252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.936261                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                   276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks             43                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                  43                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                    276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          276                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                   276                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          154                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                 167                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                  167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          154                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                 167                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9238425                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    127815801                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     137054226                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9238425                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    127815801                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total      137054226                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9238425                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    127815801                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total     137054226                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          430                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total               443                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           43                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total              43                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total                443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total               443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.358140                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.376975                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.358140                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.376975                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.358140                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.376975                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 710648.076923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 829972.733766                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 820683.988024                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 710648.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 829972.733766                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 820683.988024                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 710648.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 829972.733766                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 820683.988024                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                 21                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                      21                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total             167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          154                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total            167                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8092997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    114205103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    122298100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8092997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    114205103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    122298100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8092997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    114205103                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    122298100                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.358140                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.376975                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.358140                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.376975                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.358140                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.376975                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 622538.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 741591.577922                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 732323.952096                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 622538.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 741591.577922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 732323.952096                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 622538.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 741591.577922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 732323.952096                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                          193                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2046.778116                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         132711                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         2241                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        59.219545                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          80.221730                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    18.518245                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data    83.816129                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1864.222012                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.039171                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.009042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.040926                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.910265                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999403                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          373                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                   374                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks            210                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                 210                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                    377                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          376                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                   377                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                 192                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                  192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          168                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                 192                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     49370543                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    179713401                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     229083944                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     49370543                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    179713401                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total      229083944                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     49370543                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    179713401                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total     229083944                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          541                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total               566                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          210                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total             210                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          544                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total                569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          544                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total               569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.310536                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.339223                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.308824                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.337434                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.308824                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.337434                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2057105.958333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 1069722.625000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1193145.541667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2057105.958333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 1069722.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1193145.541667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2057105.958333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 1069722.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1193145.541667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                114                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                     114                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total             192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total            192                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     47263343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    164963001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    212226344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     47263343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    164963001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    212226344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     47263343                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    164963001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    212226344                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.310536                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.339223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.308824                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337434                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.308824                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337434                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1969305.958333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 981922.625000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1105345.541667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1969305.958333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 981922.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1105345.541667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1969305.958333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 981922.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1105345.541667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                          167                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                          47127                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         2215                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        21.276298                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks                 34                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    12.062124                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data    84.673864                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1917.264012                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.005890                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.041345                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.936164                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                   276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks             43                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                  43                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                    276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          276                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                   276                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          154                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                 167                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                  167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          154                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                 167                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9227281                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    126837758                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     136065039                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9227281                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    126837758                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total      136065039                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9227281                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    126837758                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total     136065039                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          430                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total               443                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           43                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total              43                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total                443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total               443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.358140                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.376975                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.358140                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.376975                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.358140                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.376975                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 709790.846154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 823621.805195                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 814760.712575                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 709790.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 823621.805195                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 814760.712575                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 709790.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 823621.805195                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 814760.712575                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                 21                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                      21                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total             167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          154                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total            167                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8085562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    113314115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    121399677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8085562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    113314115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    121399677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8085562                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    113314115                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    121399677                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.358140                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.376975                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.358140                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.376975                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.358140                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.376975                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 621966.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 735805.941558                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 726944.173653                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 621966.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 735805.941558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 726944.173653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 621966.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 735805.941558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 726944.173653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                          519                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2043.750847                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                          86029                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         2563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        33.565743                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks         121.833005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    12.213873                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   222.215836                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1687.488134                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.059489                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.005964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.108504                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.823969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.997925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          327                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                   327                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks            374                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                 374                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          327                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                    327                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          327                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                   327                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          459                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                 472                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           39                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::total                39                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          498                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                  511                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          498                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                 511                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     11000863                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    432134863                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     443135726                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     32212220                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     32212220                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     11000863                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    464347083                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total      475347946                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     11000863                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    464347083                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total     475347946                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          786                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total               799                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          374                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total             374                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           39                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total              39                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          825                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total                838                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          825                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total               838                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.583969                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.590738                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.603636                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.609785                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.603636                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.609785                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 846220.230769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 941470.289760                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 938846.877119                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 825954.358974                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 825954.358974                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 846220.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 932423.861446                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 930230.814090                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 846220.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 932423.861446                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 930230.814090                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                275                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                     275                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            472                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           39                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total             511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          498                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total            511                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9859463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    391830853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    401690316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     28787719                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     28787719                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9859463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    420618572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    430478035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9859463                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    420618572                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    430478035                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.583969                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.590738                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.603636                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.609785                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.603636                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.609785                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 758420.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 853661.989107                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 851038.805085                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 738146.641026                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 738146.641026                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 758420.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 844615.606426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 842422.769080                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 758420.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 844615.606426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 842422.769080                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                           99                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.081078                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         128856                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         2147                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        60.016768                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.081078                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    21.205914                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data    32.206173                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1951.587912                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020547                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.010354                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.015726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.952924                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                   289                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks             90                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                  90                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                    291                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          289                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                   291                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           71                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                  99                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data           71                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                   99                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data           71                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                  99                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     97290407                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     62258094                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     159548501                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     97290407                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     62258094                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total      159548501                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     97290407                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     62258094                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total     159548501                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          358                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total               388                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           90                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total              90                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          360                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total                390                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          360                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total               390                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.198324                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.255155                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.197222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.253846                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.197222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.253846                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3474657.392857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 876874.563380                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1611601.020202                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3474657.392857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 876874.563380                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1611601.020202                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3474657.392857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 876874.563380                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1611601.020202                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                 58                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                      58                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           71                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             99                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           71                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total              99                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           71                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total             99                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     94832007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     56023854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    150855861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     94832007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     56023854                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    150855861                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     94832007                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     56023854                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    150855861                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.198324                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.255155                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.197222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.253846                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.197222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.253846                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3386857.392857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 789068.366197                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1523796.575758                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3386857.392857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 789068.366197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1523796.575758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3386857.392857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 789068.366197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1523796.575758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                          133                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.075264                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         115810                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         2181                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        53.099496                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.075264                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    13.620044                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data    59.863702                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1945.516254                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.006650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.029230                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.949959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999548                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          273                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                   273                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks             88                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                  88                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                    273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          273                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                   273                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          119                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                 133                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          119                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                  133                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          119                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                 133                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     11860293                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    106392366                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     118252659                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     11860293                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    106392366                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total      118252659                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     11860293                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    106392366                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total     118252659                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          392                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total               406                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           88                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total              88                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          392                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total                406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          392                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total               406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.303571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.327586                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.303571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.327586                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.303571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.327586                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 847163.785714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 894053.495798                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 889117.736842                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 847163.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 894053.495798                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 889117.736842                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 847163.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 894053.495798                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 889117.736842                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                 62                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                      62                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total             133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          119                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total            133                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     10631093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     95941789                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    106572882                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     10631093                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     95941789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    106572882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     10631093                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     95941789                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    106572882                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.303571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.327586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.303571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.327586                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.303571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.327586                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 759363.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 806233.521008                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 801299.864662                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 759363.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 806233.521008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 801299.864662                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 759363.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 806233.521008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 801299.864662                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                          135                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.086162                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         115815                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         2183                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        53.053138                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.086162                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    13.627415                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data    60.610677                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1944.761908                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.006654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.029595                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.949591                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                   276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks             90                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                  90                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                    276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          276                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                   276                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          121                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                 135                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          121                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                  135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          121                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                 135                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     12522079                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     97033940                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     109556019                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     12522079                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     97033940                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total      109556019                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     12522079                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     97033940                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total     109556019                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total               411                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           90                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total              90                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total                411                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total               411                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.304786                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.328467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.304786                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.328467                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.304786                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.328467                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 894434.214286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 801933.388430                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 811526.066667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 894434.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 801933.388430                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 811526.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 894434.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 801933.388430                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 811526.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                 64                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                      64                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total             135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          121                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total            135                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     11292879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     86406979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     97699858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     11292879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     86406979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     97699858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     11292879                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     86406979                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     97699858                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.304786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328467                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.304786                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328467                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.304786                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328467                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 806634.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 714107.264463                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 723702.651852                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 806634.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 714107.264463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 723702.651852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 806634.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 714107.264463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 723702.651852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              556.132490                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750118579                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1346711.991023                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    13.132490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.021046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891238                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       110747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        110747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       110747                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         110747                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       110747                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        110747                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     11106869                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11106869                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     11106869                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     11106869                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     11106869                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     11106869                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       110764                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       110764                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       110764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       110764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       110764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       110764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 653345.235294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 653345.235294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 653345.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 653345.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 653345.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 653345.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      9217396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9217396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      9217396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9217396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      9217396                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9217396                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 658385.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 658385.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 658385.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 658385.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 658385.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 658385.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                  715                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              281231244                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                  971                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             289630.529351                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   100.466915                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   155.533085                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.392449                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.607551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       280546                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        280546                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       152938                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       152938                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       433484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         433484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       433484                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        433484                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2697                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2697                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2697                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         2697                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2697                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         2697                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1310826186                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1310826186                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1310826186                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1310826186                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1310826186                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1310826186                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       283243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       283243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       152938                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       152938                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       436181                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       436181                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       436181                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       436181                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009522                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009522                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006183                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006183                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006183                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006183                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 486031.214683                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 486031.214683                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 486031.214683                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 486031.214683                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 486031.214683                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 486031.214683                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          118                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             118                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1982                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1982                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    329856489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    329856489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    329856489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    329856489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    329856489                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    329856489                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002524                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002524                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001639                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001639                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001639                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001639                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 461337.746853                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 461337.746853                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 461337.746853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 461337.746853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 461337.746853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 461337.746853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              538.056663                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              627185734                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1163609.896104                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    12.056663                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.019322                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.862270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       119193                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        119193                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       119193                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         119193                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       119193                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        119193                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      9450508                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9450508                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      9450508                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9450508                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      9450508                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9450508                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       119206                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       119206                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       119206                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       119206                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       119206                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       119206                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 726962.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 726962.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 726962.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 726962.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 726962.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 726962.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      9314008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9314008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      9314008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9314008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      9314008                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9314008                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 716462.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 716462.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 716462.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 716462.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 716462.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 716462.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  431                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              147688679                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                  687                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             214976.243086                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   137.916640                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   118.083360                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.538737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.461263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       177250                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        177250                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        31031                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        31031                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       208281                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         208281                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       208281                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        208281                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1492                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1492                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1492                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         1492                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1492                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         1492                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    693637955                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    693637955                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    693637955                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    693637955                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    693637955                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    693637955                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       178742                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       178742                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        31031                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        31031                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       209773                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       209773                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       209773                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       209773                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008347                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008347                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.007112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.007112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 464904.795576                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 464904.795576                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 464904.795576                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 464904.795576                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 464904.795576                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 464904.795576                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           43                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total              43                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1061                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1061                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          431                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          431                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    153868030                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    153868030                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    153868030                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    153868030                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    153868030                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    153868030                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002411                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002411                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002055                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002055                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002055                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002055                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 357002.389791                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 357002.389791                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 357002.389791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 357002.389791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 357002.389791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 357002.389791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              488.623789                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              731814693                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  489                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1496553.564417                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    13.623789                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.021833                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.783051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       121027                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        121027                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       121027                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         121027                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       121027                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        121027                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     17080047                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     17080047                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     17080047                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     17080047                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     17080047                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     17080047                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       121047                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       121047                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       121047                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       121047                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       121047                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       121047                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000165                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000165                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000165                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000165                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000165                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000165                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 854002.350000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 854002.350000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 854002.350000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 854002.350000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 854002.350000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 854002.350000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     13214936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13214936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     13214936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     13214936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     13214936                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     13214936                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       943924                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       943924                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       943924                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       943924                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       943924                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       943924                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  396                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              110541718                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                  652                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             169542.512270                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   144.660780                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   111.339220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.565081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.434919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        81891                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         81891                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        68357                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        68357                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       150248                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         150248                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       150248                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        150248                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1309                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1309                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1309                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         1309                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1309                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         1309                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    451442919                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    451442919                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    451442919                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    451442919                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    451442919                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    451442919                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        83200                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        83200                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        68357                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        68357                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       151557                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       151557                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       151557                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       151557                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.015733                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015733                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008637                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008637                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008637                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008637                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 344876.179526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 344876.179526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 344876.179526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 344876.179526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 344876.179526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 344876.179526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           90                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total              90                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          913                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          913                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          396                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          396                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    118025773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    118025773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    118025773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    118025773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    118025773                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    118025773                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.004760                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004760                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002613                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002613                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002613                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002613                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 298044.881313                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 298044.881313                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 298044.881313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 298044.881313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 298044.881313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 298044.881313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              556.130961                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              750118008                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1346710.965889                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    13.130961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.021043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       110176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        110176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       110176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         110176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       110176                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        110176                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     11509885                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11509885                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     11509885                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     11509885                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     11509885                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     11509885                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       110193                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       110193                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       110193                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       110193                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       110193                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       110193                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000154                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000154                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000154                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000154                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 677052.058824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 677052.058824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 677052.058824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 677052.058824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 677052.058824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 677052.058824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9602186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9602186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9602186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9602186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9602186                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9602186                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 685870.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 685870.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 685870.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 685870.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 685870.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 685870.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  714                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              281230468                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                  970                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             289928.317526                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   100.451514                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   155.548486                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.392389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.607611                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       280100                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        280100                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       152608                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       152608                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       432708                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         432708                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       432708                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        432708                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2673                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2673                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2673                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         2673                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2673                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         2673                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1360039522                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1360039522                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1360039522                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1360039522                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1360039522                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1360039522                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       282773                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       282773                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       152608                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       152608                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       435381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       435381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       435381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       435381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009453                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009453                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 508806.405537                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 508806.405537                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 508806.405537                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 508806.405537                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 508806.405537                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 508806.405537                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          116                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             116                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1959                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1959                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          714                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          714                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          714                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          714                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    339491729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    339491729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    339491729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    339491729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    339491729                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    339491729                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002525                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002525                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001640                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001640                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001640                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001640                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 475478.612045                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 475478.612045                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 475478.612045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 475478.612045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 475478.612045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 475478.612045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              477.413474                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              735286973                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  485                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1516055.614433                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    22.413474                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.035919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.765086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       126132                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        126132                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       126132                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         126132                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       126132                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        126132                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    146492934                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    146492934                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    146492934                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    146492934                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    146492934                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    146492934                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       126173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       126173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       126173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       126173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       126173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       126173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000325                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000325                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000325                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000325                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000325                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000325                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3572998.390244                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3572998.390244                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3572998.390244                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3572998.390244                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3572998.390244                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3572998.390244                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2268425                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       453685                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    100583866                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    100583866                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    100583866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    100583866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    100583866                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    100583866                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3352795.533333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3352795.533333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3352795.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3352795.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3352795.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3352795.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  358                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              106637869                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                  614                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             173677.311075                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   131.509173                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   124.490827                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.513708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.486292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        98994                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         98994                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        72791                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72791                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          189                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          189                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          177                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          177                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       171785                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         171785                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       171785                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        171785                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          924                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          924                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          931                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total          931                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          931                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total          931                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    195998094                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    195998094                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       542791                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       542791                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    196540885                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    196540885                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    196540885                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    196540885                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        99918                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        99918                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        72798                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72798                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          189                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          189                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          177                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       172716                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       172716                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       172716                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       172716                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009248                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009248                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005390                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005390                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 212119.149351                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 212119.149351                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 77541.571429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77541.571429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 211107.287863                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 211107.287863                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 211107.287863                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 211107.287863                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           89                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total              89                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          573                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          573                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     83519884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     83519884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       133378                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       133378                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     83653262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     83653262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     83653262                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     83653262                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003563                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003563                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002073                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002073                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002073                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002073                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 234606.415730                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 234606.415730                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data        66689                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        66689                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 233668.329609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 233668.329609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 233668.329609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 233668.329609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              488.625387                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              731814682                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  489                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1496553.541922                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    13.625387                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.021836                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.783054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       121016                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        121016                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       121016                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         121016                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       121016                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        121016                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     17011417                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     17011417                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     17011417                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     17011417                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     17011417                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     17011417                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       121034                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       121034                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       121034                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       121034                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       121034                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       121034                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000149                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000149                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000149                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 945078.722222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 945078.722222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 945078.722222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 945078.722222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 945078.722222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 945078.722222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     12689511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12689511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     12689511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12689511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     12689511                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12689511                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 906393.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 906393.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 906393.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 906393.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 906393.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 906393.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  396                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              110541704                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                  652                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             169542.490798                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   144.785607                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   111.214393                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.565569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.434431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        81882                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         81882                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        68352                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        68352                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       150234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         150234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       150234                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        150234                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1309                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1309                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1309                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         1309                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1309                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         1309                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    446577391                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    446577391                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    446577391                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    446577391                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    446577391                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    446577391                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        83191                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        83191                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        68352                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        68352                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       151543                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       151543                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       151543                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       151543                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.015735                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015735                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008638                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008638                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008638                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008638                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 341159.198625                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 341159.198625                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 341159.198625                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 341159.198625                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 341159.198625                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 341159.198625                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           90                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total              90                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          913                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          913                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          396                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          396                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    116946130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    116946130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    116946130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    116946130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    116946130                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    116946130                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004760                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004760                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002613                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002613                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002613                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002613                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 295318.510101                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 295318.510101                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 295318.510101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 295318.510101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 295318.510101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 295318.510101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              501.597602                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              735382419                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1464905.217131                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    12.597602                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.020188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803842                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst        91432                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         91432                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst        91432                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total          91432                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst        91432                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total         91432                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     14986359                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     14986359                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     14986359                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     14986359                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     14986359                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     14986359                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst        91452                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        91452                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst        91452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total        91452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst        91452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total        91452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000219                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000219                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000219                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000219                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000219                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000219                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 749317.950000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 749317.950000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 749317.950000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 749317.950000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 749317.950000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 749317.950000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     11216809                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11216809                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     11216809                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11216809                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     11216809                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11216809                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000142                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000142                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000142                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000142                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000142                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000142                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 862831.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 862831.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 862831.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 862831.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 862831.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 862831.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  820                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              122564017                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 1076                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             113907.078996                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   182.150396                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    73.849604                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.711525                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.288475                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        68679                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         68679                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        55328                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        55328                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          112                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          112                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          110                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          110                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       124007                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         124007                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       124007                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        124007                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1950                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1950                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          328                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          328                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2278                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         2278                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2278                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         2278                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1228936580                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1228936580                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    293120385                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    293120385                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1522056965                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1522056965                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1522056965                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1522056965                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        70629                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        70629                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        55656                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        55656                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          112                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          112                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          110                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          110                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       126285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       126285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       126285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       126285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.027609                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027609                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005893                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005893                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.018039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.018039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 630223.887179                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 630223.887179                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 893659.710366                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 893659.710366                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 668154.945127                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 668154.945127                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 668154.945127                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 668154.945127                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          367                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             367                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          289                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          289                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1458                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1458                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          781                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          781                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           39                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          820                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          820                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          820                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          820                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    489731233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    489731233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     33261025                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     33261025                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    522992258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    522992258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    522992258                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    522992258                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011058                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011058                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000701                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000701                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006493                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006493                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006493                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006493                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 627056.636364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 627056.636364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 852846.794872                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 852846.794872                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 637795.436585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 637795.436585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 637795.436585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 637795.436585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              556.132691                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              750118259                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1346711.416517                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    13.132691                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.021046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891238                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       110427                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        110427                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       110427                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         110427                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       110427                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        110427                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     13155102                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13155102                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     13155102                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     13155102                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     13155102                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     13155102                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       110443                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       110443                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       110443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       110443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       110443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       110443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000145                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000145                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 822193.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 822193.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 822193.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 822193.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 822193.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 822193.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     11270548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11270548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     11270548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11270548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     11270548                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11270548                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 805039.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 805039.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 805039.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 805039.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 805039.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 805039.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  714                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              281231023                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                  970                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             289928.889691                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   100.503279                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   155.496721                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.392591                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.607409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       280436                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        280436                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       152827                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       152827                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       433263                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         433263                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       433263                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        433263                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2661                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2661                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2661                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         2661                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2661                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         2661                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1315984796                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1315984796                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1315984796                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1315984796                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1315984796                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1315984796                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       283097                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       283097                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       152827                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       152827                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       435924                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       435924                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       435924                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       435924                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009400                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009400                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006104                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006104                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006104                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006104                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 494545.207065                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 494545.207065                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 494545.207065                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 494545.207065                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 494545.207065                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 494545.207065                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          117                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             117                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1947                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1947                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          714                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          714                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          714                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          714                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    331125362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    331125362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    331125362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    331125362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    331125362                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    331125362                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002522                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002522                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001638                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001638                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001638                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001638                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 463761.011204                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 463761.011204                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 463761.011204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 463761.011204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 463761.011204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 463761.011204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              501.047474                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              732331183                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1444440.203156                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    19.047474                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.030525                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.802961                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       116034                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        116034                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       116034                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         116034                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       116034                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        116034                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     87874490                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     87874490                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     87874490                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     87874490                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     87874490                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     87874490                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       116073                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       116073                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       116073                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       116073                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       116073                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       116073                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000336                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000336                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000336                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000336                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000336                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000336                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2253192.051282                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2253192.051282                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2253192.051282                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2253192.051282                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2253192.051282                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2253192.051282                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     51633900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51633900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     51633900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     51633900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     51633900                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     51633900                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2065356                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2065356                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2065356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2065356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2065356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2065356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  543                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              115432946                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                  799                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             144471.772215                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   161.031227                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    94.968773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.629028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.370972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        79612                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         79612                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        66949                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        66949                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          162                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          162                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          154                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          154                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       146561                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         146561                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       146561                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        146561                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1793                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1793                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           63                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           63                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1856                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         1856                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1856                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         1856                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    737105585                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    737105585                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     33887093                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     33887093                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    770992678                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    770992678                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    770992678                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    770992678                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        81405                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        81405                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        67012                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        67012                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          162                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          162                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          154                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          154                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       148417                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       148417                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       148417                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       148417                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.022026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000940                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000940                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012505                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012505                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012505                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012505                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 411101.832125                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 411101.832125                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 537890.365079                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 537890.365079                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 415405.537716                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 415405.537716                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 415405.537716                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 415405.537716                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       511161                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       511161                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          210                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             210                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           60                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           60                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1312                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1312                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          544                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          544                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    192001528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    192001528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    192193828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    192193828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    192193828                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    192193828                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003665                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003665                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003665                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003665                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 354901.160813                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 354901.160813                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 353297.477941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 353297.477941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 353297.477941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 353297.477941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              538.052370                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              627186181                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1163610.725417                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    12.052370                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.019315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.862263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       119640                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        119640                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       119640                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         119640                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       119640                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        119640                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9482825                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9482825                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9482825                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9482825                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9482825                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9482825                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       119653                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       119653                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       119653                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       119653                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       119653                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       119653                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 729448.076923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 729448.076923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 729448.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 729448.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 729448.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 729448.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9346325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9346325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9346325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9346325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9346325                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9346325                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 718948.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 718948.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 718948.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 718948.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 718948.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 718948.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  430                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              147689138                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                  686                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             215290.288630                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   138.061184                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   117.938816                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.539301                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.460699                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       177479                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        177479                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        31261                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        31261                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       208740                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         208740                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       208740                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        208740                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1501                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1501                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1501                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         1501                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1501                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         1501                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    672534288                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    672534288                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    672534288                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    672534288                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    672534288                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    672534288                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       178980                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       178980                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        31261                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        31261                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       210241                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       210241                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       210241                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       210241                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008386                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008386                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.007139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.007139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 448057.487009                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 448057.487009                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 448057.487009                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 448057.487009                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 448057.487009                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 448057.487009                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           43                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total              43                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1071                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1071                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    147189293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    147189293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    147189293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    147189293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    147189293                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    147189293                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002403                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002403                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002045                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002045                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002045                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002045                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 342300.681395                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342300.681395                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 342300.681395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342300.681395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 342300.681395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342300.681395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              501.012507                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              732330594                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1444439.041420                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    19.012507                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.030469                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.802905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       115445                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        115445                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       115445                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         115445                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       115445                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        115445                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     82272144                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     82272144                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     82272144                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     82272144                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     82272144                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     82272144                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       115484                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       115484                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       115484                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       115484                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       115484                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       115484                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000338                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000338                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000338                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000338                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000338                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000338                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2109542.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2109542.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2109542.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2109542.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2109542.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2109542.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     49640613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     49640613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     49640613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     49640613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     49640613                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     49640613                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000216                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000216                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000216                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000216                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000216                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000216                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1985624.520000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1985624.520000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1985624.520000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1985624.520000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1985624.520000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1985624.520000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  544                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              115432573                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                  800                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             144290.716250                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   160.627915                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    95.372085                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.627453                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.372547                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        79529                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         79529                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        66658                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        66658                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          154                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          154                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       146187                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         146187                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       146187                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        146187                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1795                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1795                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           63                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           63                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         1858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1858                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         1858                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    775731488                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    775731488                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     28198440                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     28198440                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    803929928                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    803929928                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    803929928                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    803929928                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        81324                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        81324                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        66721                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        66721                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          154                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          154                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       148045                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       148045                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       148045                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       148045                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.022072                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022072                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000944                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000944                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.012550                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012550                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.012550                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012550                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 432162.388858                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 432162.388858                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 447594.285714                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 447594.285714                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 432685.644779                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 432685.644779                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 432685.644779                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 432685.644779                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       159085                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       159085                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          210                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             210                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           60                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           60                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1314                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1314                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          544                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          544                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    205658213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    205658213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    205850513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    205850513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    205850513                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    205850513                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006652                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006652                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003675                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003675                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 380144.571165                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 380144.571165                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 378401.678309                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 378401.678309                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 378401.678309                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 378401.678309                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              538.061091                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              627186403                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1163611.137291                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    12.061091                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.019329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.862277                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       119862                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        119862                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       119862                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         119862                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       119862                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        119862                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9471687                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9471687                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9471687                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9471687                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9471687                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9471687                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       119875                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       119875                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       119875                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       119875                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       119875                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       119875                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000108                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 728591.307692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 728591.307692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 728591.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 728591.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 728591.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 728591.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9335187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9335187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9335187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9335187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9335187                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9335187                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 718091.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 718091.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 718091.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 718091.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 718091.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 718091.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  430                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              147689445                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                  686                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             215290.736152                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   138.081131                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   117.918869                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.539379                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.460621                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       177647                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        177647                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        31400                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        31400                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       209047                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         209047                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       209047                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        209047                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1500                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1500                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1500                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         1500                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1500                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         1500                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    668235722                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    668235722                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    668235722                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    668235722                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    668235722                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    668235722                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       179147                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       179147                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        31400                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        31400                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       210547                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       210547                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       210547                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       210547                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008373                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008373                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.007124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.007124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 445490.481333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 445490.481333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 445490.481333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 445490.481333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 445490.481333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 445490.481333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           43                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total              43                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1070                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1070                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    146211578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    146211578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    146211578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    146211578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    146211578                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    146211578                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002400                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002400                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002042                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002042                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002042                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002042                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 340026.925581                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340026.925581                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 340026.925581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340026.925581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 340026.925581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340026.925581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              501.597459                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              735384163                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1464908.691235                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    12.597459                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.020188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803842                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst        93176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         93176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst        93176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total          93176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst        93176                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total         93176                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     12425409                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     12425409                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     12425409                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     12425409                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     12425409                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     12425409                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst        93194                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        93194                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst        93194                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total        93194                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst        93194                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total        93194                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000193                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000193                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000193                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000193                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000193                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000193                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 690300.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 690300.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 690300.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 690300.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 690300.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 690300.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     11108763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11108763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     11108763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11108763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     11108763                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11108763                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000139                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000139                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000139                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000139                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000139                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000139                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 854520.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 854520.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 854520.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 854520.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 854520.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 854520.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  825                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              122566641                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 1081                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             113382.646623                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   182.232782                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    73.767218                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.711847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.288153                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        70264                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         70264                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        56361                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        56361                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          116                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          116                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          112                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          112                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       126625                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         126625                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       126625                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        126625                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1974                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1974                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          313                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          313                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2287                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         2287                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2287                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         2287                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1150187768                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1150187768                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    277224587                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    277224587                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1427412355                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1427412355                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1427412355                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1427412355                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        72238                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        72238                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        56674                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        56674                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          116                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          116                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          112                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          112                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       128912                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       128912                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       128912                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       128912                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.027326                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027326                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005523                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005523                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.017741                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017741                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.017741                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017741                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 582668.575481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 582668.575481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 885701.555911                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 885701.555911                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 624141.825536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 624141.825536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 624141.825536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 624141.825536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          374                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             374                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          274                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          274                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1462                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1462                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           39                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          825                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          825                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    457903052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    457903052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     32535920                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32535920                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    490438972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    490438972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    490438972                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    490438972                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.010881                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010881                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000688                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000688                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006400                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006400                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006400                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006400                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 582573.857506                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 582573.857506                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 834254.358974                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 834254.358974                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 594471.481212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 594471.481212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 594471.481212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 594471.481212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              477.405730                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              735287223                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  485                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1516056.129897                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    22.405730                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.035907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.765073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       126382                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        126382                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       126382                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         126382                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       126382                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        126382                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    141824641                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    141824641                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    141824641                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    141824641                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    141824641                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    141824641                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       126422                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       126422                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       126422                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       126422                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       126422                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       126422                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000316                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000316                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000316                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000316                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000316                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000316                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3545616.025000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3545616.025000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3545616.025000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3545616.025000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3545616.025000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3545616.025000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2267937                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 453587.400000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     97652092                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     97652092                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     97652092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     97652092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     97652092                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     97652092                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3255069.733333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3255069.733333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3255069.733333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3255069.733333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3255069.733333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3255069.733333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  360                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              106638218                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                  616                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             173113.990260                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   131.451737                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   124.548263                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.513483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.486517                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        99187                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         99187                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        72943                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72943                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          179                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          179                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       172130                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         172130                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       172130                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        172130                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          930                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          930                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          937                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total          937                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          937                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total          937                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    196812183                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    196812183                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       542933                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       542933                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    197355116                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    197355116                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    197355116                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    197355116                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       100117                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       100117                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        72950                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72950                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          179                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          179                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       173067                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       173067                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       173067                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       173067                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009289                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009289                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005414                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005414                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005414                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005414                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 211626.003226                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 211626.003226                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 77561.857143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77561.857143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 210624.456777                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 210624.456777                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 210624.456777                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 210624.456777                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           90                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total              90                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          577                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          577                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          360                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          360                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     81417065                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     81417065                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       133422                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       133422                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     81550487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     81550487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     81550487                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     81550487                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003576                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003576                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002080                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002080                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002080                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002080                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 227421.969274                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 227421.969274                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data        66711                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        66711                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 226529.130556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 226529.130556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 226529.130556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 226529.130556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              488.618930                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              731813902                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  489                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1496551.946830                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    13.618930                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.021825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.783043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       120236                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        120236                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       120236                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         120236                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       120236                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        120236                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     13637909                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13637909                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     13637909                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     13637909                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     13637909                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     13637909                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       120253                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       120253                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       120253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       120253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       120253                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       120253                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000141                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000141                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000141                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 802229.941176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 802229.941176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 802229.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 802229.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 802229.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 802229.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     11979439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11979439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     11979439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11979439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     11979439                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11979439                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 855674.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 855674.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 855674.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 855674.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 855674.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 855674.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  392                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              110540733                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                  648                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             170587.550926                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   143.910852                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   112.089148                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.562152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.437848                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        81356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         81356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        67911                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        67911                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          162                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          162                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          162                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          162                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       149267                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         149267                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       149267                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        149267                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1294                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1294                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1294                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         1294                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1294                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         1294                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    463089817                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    463089817                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    463089817                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    463089817                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    463089817                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    463089817                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        82650                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        82650                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        67911                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        67911                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          162                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          162                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          162                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          162                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       150561                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       150561                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       150561                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       150561                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.015656                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015656                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008595                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008595                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008595                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008595                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 357874.665379                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 357874.665379                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 357874.665379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 357874.665379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 357874.665379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 357874.665379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           88                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total              88                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          902                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          902                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          902                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          902                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          902                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          902                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          392                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          392                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    125044061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    125044061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    125044061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    125044061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    125044061                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    125044061                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004743                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004743                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002604                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002604                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002604                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002604                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 318989.951531                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 318989.951531                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 318989.951531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 318989.951531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 318989.951531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 318989.951531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              488.626303                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              731814937                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  489                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1496554.063395                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    13.626303                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.021837                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.783055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       121271                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        121271                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       121271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         121271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       121271                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        121271                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           21                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           21                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     16337562                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     16337562                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     16337562                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     16337562                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     16337562                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     16337562                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       121292                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       121292                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       121292                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       121292                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       121292                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       121292                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000173                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000173                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000173                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000173                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000173                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000173                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 777979.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 777979.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 777979.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 777979.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 777979.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 777979.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     12638279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12638279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     12638279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12638279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     12638279                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12638279                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 902734.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 902734.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 902734.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 902734.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 902734.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 902734.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  397                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              110541984                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                  653                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             169283.283308                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   144.770731                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   111.229269                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.565511                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.434489                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        82044                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         82044                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        68470                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        68470                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       150514                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         150514                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       150514                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        150514                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1313                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1313                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1313                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         1313                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1313                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         1313                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    443892800                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    443892800                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    443892800                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    443892800                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    443892800                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    443892800                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        83357                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        83357                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        68470                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        68470                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       151827                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       151827                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       151827                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       151827                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.015752                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015752                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008648                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008648                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008648                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008648                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 338075.247525                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 338075.247525                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 338075.247525                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 338075.247525                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 338075.247525                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 338075.247525                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           90                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total              90                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          916                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          916                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    115887949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    115887949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    115887949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    115887949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    115887949                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    115887949                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002615                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002615                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002615                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002615                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 291909.191436                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 291909.191436                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 291909.191436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 291909.191436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 291909.191436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 291909.191436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
