
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.123132                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                123132497673                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               647960091210                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 286580                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   364992                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                2029293                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67761156                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 60677.54                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17388944473                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   22146818890                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      4150528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      4859008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      4869760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      2576000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      2625792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      4876416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      1210880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      2623872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      1211264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      2568960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      4147200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      1211008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      1694592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      2571008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      4147712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      2574464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             47994752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           76288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     11043328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          11043328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        32426                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        37961                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        38045                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        20125                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        20514                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        38097                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         9460                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        20499                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         9463                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        20070                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        32400                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         9461                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        13239                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        20086                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        32404                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        20113                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                374959                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           86276                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                86276                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        39502                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     33707819                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        40542                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     39461621                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        41581                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     39548942                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        35344                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     20920553                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        38463                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     21324931                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        41581                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     39602998                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        37423                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data      9833960                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        38463                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     21309338                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        39502                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data      9837078                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        35344                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     20863379                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        41581                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     33680792                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        38463                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data      9834999                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        42621                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     13762346                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        34305                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     20880012                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        39502                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     33684950                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        35344                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     20908079                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               389781357                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        39502                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        40542                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        41581                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        35344                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        38463                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        41581                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        37423                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        38463                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        39502                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        35344                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        41581                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        38463                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        42621                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        34305                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        39502                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        35344                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             619560                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          89686543                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               89686543                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          89686543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        39502                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     33707819                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        40542                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     39461621                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        41581                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     39548942                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        35344                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     20920553                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        38463                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     21324931                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        41581                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     39602998                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        37423                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data      9833960                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        38463                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     21309338                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        39502                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data      9837078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        35344                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     20863379                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        41581                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     33680792                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        38463                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data      9834999                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        42621                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     13762346                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        34305                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     20880012                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        39502                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     33684950                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        35344                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     20908079                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              479467899                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              295281770                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       20734355                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16954271                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2025750                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8618432                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8183233                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2135156                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        90027                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201408198                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            117646258                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          20734355                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches     10318389                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            24651889                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       5884280                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      9365117                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        12383613                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2038931                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    239238865                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600892                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.945285                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      214586976     89.70%     89.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1        1332144      0.56%     90.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        2107089      0.88%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3        3363631      1.41%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        1392839      0.58%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        1563086      0.65%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6        1660865      0.69%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7        1090384      0.46%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8       12141851      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    239238865                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.070219                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.398420                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      199492499                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles     11295510                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        24575644                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        62021                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      3813188                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      3401614                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          474                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    143669703                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         3056                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      3813188                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      199792162                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles       2286375                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      8109111                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        24343600                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       894424                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    143582846                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents        37422                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents       245824                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       331918                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents        59362                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    199325349                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    667912974                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    667912974                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    170241825                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       29083499                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        37018                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20549                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         2650557                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     13687772                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      7360655                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads       221814                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores      1672099                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        143398265                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37127                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       135798573                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       171976                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18041619                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40107164                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3921                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    239238865                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567628                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260855                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    181946040     76.05%     76.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23019668      9.62%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12576993      5.26%     90.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8559151      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8008522      3.35%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2303282      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1796545      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       611614      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       417050      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    239238865                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31558     12.68%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        95126     38.21%     50.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122292     49.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113759767     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2145751      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16461      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12554878      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7321716      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    135798573                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.459895                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            248976                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001833                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    511256960                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161478525                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133617960                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    136047549                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       413374                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2451373                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          379                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1543                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       217637                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8443                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           58                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      3813188                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles       1424485                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles       122841                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143435548                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         8944                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13687772                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7360655                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20543                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        90652                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           26                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1543                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1185177                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1154956                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      2340133                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133864696                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11807088                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1933874                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                 156                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           19127002                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       18843397                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          7319914                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.453346                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            133618851                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           133617960                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        78118381                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       204067992                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.452510                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.382806                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    122574593                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20861550                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33206                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts      2069080                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    235425677                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520651                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372822                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    185670253     78.87%     78.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24094696     10.23%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9381787      3.99%     93.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5054108      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3782915      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2113174      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1304579      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1164325      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2859840      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    235425677                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    122574593                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             18379417                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            11236399                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars             16566                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         17595164                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts       110448787                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      2490081                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      2859840                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          376001304                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         290685708                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               3263182                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              56042905                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           122574593                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.952818                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.952818                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.338660                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.338660                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      603674344                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     185201664                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     134013411                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        33176                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              295281770                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       19924928                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17979123                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1038875                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7470117                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7135039                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1100330                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46148                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    211402885                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            125202133                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          19924928                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      8235369                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            24773624                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       3274717                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles     29708510                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1334                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           13                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        12123478                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1043278                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    268096198                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.547845                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.847628                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      243322574     90.76%     90.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         887883      0.33%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        1808868      0.67%     91.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         772358      0.29%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        4118655      1.54%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        3670096      1.37%     94.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         710476      0.27%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7        1477887      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8       11327401      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    268096198                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.067478                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.424009                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      209231331                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles     31894485                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        24682238                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        78816                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      2209325                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      1749020                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          509                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    146805448                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         2825                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      2209325                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      209504375                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles      29678429                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      1272835                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        24520799                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       910432                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    146726009                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents         3250                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents       471070                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       297052                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents        10748                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    172217761                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    691039093                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    691039093                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    152830081                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       19387657                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        17033                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8599                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         2097860                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     34629749                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores     17518161                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads       160650                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       850238                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        146446582                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17083                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       140775005                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        82695                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11295790                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     27161494                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           93                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    268096198                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525091                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.315649                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    217538654     81.14%     81.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15440803      5.76%     86.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12489250      4.66%     91.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5393134      2.01%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6739798      2.51%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6397181      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3629390      1.35%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       289041      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       178947      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    268096198                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        355015     11.30%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2706819     86.18%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        78916      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     88291448     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1229532      0.87%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8430      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     33771514     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17474081     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    140775005                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.476748                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3140750                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022310                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    552869647                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    157763067                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139578683                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    143915755                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       253615                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1337880                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          535                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3619                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       111057                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        12406                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      2209325                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles      28971426                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles       275539                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    146463752                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1362                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     34629749                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17518161                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8601                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents       170998                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          119                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3619                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       606973                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       612031                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      1219004                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139801818                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     33661638                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       973181                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  87                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           51134053                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       18321524                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores         17472415                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.473452                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            139582417                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           139578683                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        75402940                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       148831701                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.472697                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.506632                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts    113439260                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps    133309601                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     13170730                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16990                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      1061782                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    265886873                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501377                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319897                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    217357901     81.75%     81.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17858862      6.72%     88.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8317457      3.13%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8182613      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2263557      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9365599      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       710727      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       519855      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1310302      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    265886873                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts    113439260                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps    133309601                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             50698958                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            33291859                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              8482                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         17604221                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts       118544141                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      1291180                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      1310302                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          411056564                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         295170215                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               4536995                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              27185572                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts         113439260                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps           133309601                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total    113439260                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.602995                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.602995                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.384173                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.384173                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      691162154                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     162055968                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     174828604                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        16964                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              295281770                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       19966664                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18019783                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1043795                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7493448                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7146409                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1098972                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46126                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    211768952                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            125458688                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          19966664                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      8245381                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            24826431                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       3298897                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles     29516074                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.MiscStallCycles          393                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           37                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        12147591                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1048248                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    268340864                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548581                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.848886                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      243514433     90.75%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         888766      0.33%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        1814297      0.68%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         773906      0.29%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        4127019      1.54%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        3675794      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         705484      0.26%     95.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7        1481619      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8       11359546      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    268340864                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.067619                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.424878                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      209602040                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles     31696616                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        24734546                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        79187                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      2228472                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      1749962                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          505                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    147137369                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         2770                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      2228472                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      209875826                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles      29476048                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      1277274                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        24572428                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       910813                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    147055285                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          491                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents       474302                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       298419                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5914                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    172609665                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    692566391                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    692566391                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    153051051                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       19558510                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        17054                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8610                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         2106626                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     34702548                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores     17547661                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads       159744                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       855291                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        146767269                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17105                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       141028256                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        85341                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11425593                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     27530366                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           91                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    268340864                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525556                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316187                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    217701841     81.13%     81.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15457319      5.76%     86.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12506484      4.66%     91.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5408007      2.02%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6754994      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6408041      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3634757      1.35%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       290143      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       179278      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    268340864                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        355273     11.29%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2713670     86.20%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        79104      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     88459272     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1231787      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8442      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     33828928     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17499827     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    141028256                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.477606                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3148047                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022322                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    553630764                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    158213595                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139819500                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    144176303                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       253220                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1362129                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          538                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3635                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       115188                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        12430                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          327                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      2228472                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles      28764712                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles       273068                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    146784463                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1474                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     34702548                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17547661                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8611                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents       169419                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          124                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3635                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       608439                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       617815                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      1226254                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    140047182                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     33715145                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       981074                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  89                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           51213281                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       18350850                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores         17498136                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.474283                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            139823184                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           139819500                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        75539837                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       149126820                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.473512                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.506548                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts    113603860                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    133502840                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     13297819                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        17014                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      1066698                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    266112392                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501678                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320306                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    217516156     81.74%     81.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17883117      6.72%     88.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8329886      3.13%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8192347      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2265247      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9377375      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       714716      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       521633      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1311915      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    266112392                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts    113603860                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    133502840                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             50772884                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            33340411                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              8494                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         17629717                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts       118715932                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      1293021                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      1311915                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          411600798                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         295830045                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               4547198                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              26940906                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts         113603860                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           133502840                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total    113603860                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.599223                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.599223                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.384730                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.384730                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      692326483                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     162340350                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     175157925                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        16988                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 27                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              295281764                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       20269672                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18102793                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1615993                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     13571360                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits       13244804                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1215889                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        48973                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    214269233                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            115108168                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          20269672                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches     14460693                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            25672979                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       5296196                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      8721611                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        12964849                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1586166                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    252334991                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511069                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.746437                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      226662012     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1        3915306      1.55%     91.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        1975322      0.78%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3        3876509      1.54%     93.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        1242740      0.49%     94.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        3590054      1.42%     95.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         565709      0.22%     95.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         909017      0.36%     96.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        9598322      3.80%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    252334991                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.068645                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.389825                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      212258424                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles     10781672                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        25622158                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        20540                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      3652193                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      1911611                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred        18950                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    128756345                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts        35830                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      3652193                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      212487492                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       6956257                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      3098920                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        25394864                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       745261                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    128568602                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          227                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents       100249                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       568979                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    168502030                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    582674321                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    582674321                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    136684792                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       31817238                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        17265                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8743                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         1721339                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     23201998                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      3761781                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        24410                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       854694                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        127906129                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17328                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       119791393                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        77983                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     23045647                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     47183278                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          138                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    252334991                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.474732                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088070                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199808256     79.18%     79.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     16510976      6.54%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     17638494      6.99%     92.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10175982      4.03%     96.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5256543      2.08%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1315686      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1562578      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        36395      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        30081      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    252334991                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        200540     57.17%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        82606     23.55%     80.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        67611     19.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     93933234     78.41%     78.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       938727      0.78%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8522      0.01%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     21181046     17.68%     96.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3729864      3.11%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    119791393                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.405685                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            350757                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002928                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    492346517                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    150969405                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    116753875                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    120142150                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        93956                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4724626                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          110                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          307                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        85669                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      3652193                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles       6113264                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        89893                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    127923548                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        16940                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     23201998                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3761781                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8741                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        43300                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2395                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          307                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1093045                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       620058                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      1713103                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    118274469                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     20877194                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1516924                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  91                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           24606832                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       17981810                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          3729638                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.400548                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            116780358                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           116753875                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        70655056                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       153864407                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.395398                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.459203                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     93018809                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    104717930                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23210738                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        17190                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      1605860                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    248682798                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421090                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288592                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    209698875     84.32%     84.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15316564      6.16%     90.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9838464      3.96%     94.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3096461      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5140646      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1003143      0.40%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       635617      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       581170      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3371858      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    248682798                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     93018809                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    104717930                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             22153484                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            18477372                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              8576                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         16067292                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        91512355                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      1308535                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      3371858                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          373239257                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         259512394                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               4784178                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              42946773                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          93018809                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           104717930                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     93018809                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     3.174431                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               3.174431                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.315017                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.315017                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      549782454                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     152126681                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     136760747                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        17174                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              295281770                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       21680983                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17778572                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2124358                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9089844                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8473312                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2225911                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        95375                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    207059902                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            123186476                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          21680983                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches     10699223                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            27087467                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       6019565                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles     19347350                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        12755725                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2112269                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    257352341                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585298                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.922088                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      230264874     89.47%     89.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1        2925018      1.14%     90.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        3380038      1.31%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3        1870389      0.73%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        2166388      0.84%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        1189444      0.46%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         809914      0.31%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7        2111039      0.82%     95.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       12635237      4.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    257352341                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.073425                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.417183                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      205393802                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles     21045357                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        26872129                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles       203224                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      3837827                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      3520387                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred        19790                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    150385130                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts        97732                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      3837827                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      205704845                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles       7429230                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles     12714021                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        26772826                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       893590                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    150299097                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          226                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents       236365                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       410962                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents           31                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    208851538                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    699715434                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    699715434                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    178476979                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       30374559                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        39372                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21962                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         2396334                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     14351073                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      7816028                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads       205684                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores      1732432                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        150074021                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        39437                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       141898493                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       201418                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18640881                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     42998486                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4381                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    257352341                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551378                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.244010                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    197561747     76.77%     76.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24053314      9.35%     86.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12911169      5.02%     91.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8942490      3.47%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7825506      3.04%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      4009113      1.56%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       959746      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       624742      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       464514      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    257352341                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         37648     12.36%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead       129723     42.60%     54.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       137147     45.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    118783367     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2216421      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17381      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13121109      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7760215      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    141898493                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.480553                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            304518                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002146                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    541655263                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    168755684                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139553472                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    142203011                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       358136                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2525380                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          896                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1349                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       164798                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8691                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         4890                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      3837827                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles       6903108                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles       159364                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    150113590                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        19350                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14351073                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7816028                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21929                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents       111773                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1349                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1233041                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1190129                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      2423170                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139817348                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12322945                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2081145                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                 132                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           20081374                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       19564414                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          7758429                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.473505                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            139555736                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           139553472                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        82922468                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       217180794                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.472611                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.381813                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts    104805821                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    128584091                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21530965                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35056                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      2136422                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    253514514                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507206                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323674                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    200981031     79.28%     79.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24363382      9.61%     88.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10207738      4.03%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      6138050      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4246492      1.68%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2743944      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1420676      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1144269      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2268932      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    253514514                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts    104805821                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    128584091                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             19476923                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            11825693                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars             17490                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         18402686                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts       115923647                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      2616070                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      2268932                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          401359936                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         304068029                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               3171455                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              37929429                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts         104805821                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           128584091                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total    104805821                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.817418                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.817418                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.354935                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.354935                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      630677760                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     193677332                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     140351061                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        35024                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              295281770                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       19969015                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18020222                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1041945                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7607656                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7150643                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1101253                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46256                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    211830238                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            125463095                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          19969015                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      8251896                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            24826858                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       3286773                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles     29546961                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        12148783                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1046327                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    268422872                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548358                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.848461                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      243596014     90.75%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         889910      0.33%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        1814563      0.68%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         773359      0.29%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        4128174      1.54%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        3675085      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         710759      0.26%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7        1480064      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8       11354944      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    268422872                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.067627                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.424893                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      209638535                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles     31751592                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        24735629                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        78801                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      2218312                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      1751829                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          505                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    147123264                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         2832                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      2218312                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      209913072                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles      29551783                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      1255967                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        24572959                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       910776                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    147043506                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          459                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents       474811                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       298513                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5549                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    172582589                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    692510578                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    692510578                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    153132921                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       19449647                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        17067                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8618                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         2107738                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     34703333                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores     17555302                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads       161470                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       850779                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        146761782                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17116                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       141072748                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        85211                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11349186                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     27271617                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           90                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    268422872                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525562                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316107                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    217755143     81.12%     81.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15477812      5.77%     86.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12512505      4.66%     91.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5406400      2.01%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6758341      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6408137      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3634485      1.35%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       290625      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       179424      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    268422872                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        355323     11.30%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2711048     86.18%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        79251      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     88480694     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1231688      0.87%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8447      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     33843774     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17508145     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    141072748                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.477756                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3145622                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022298                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    553799197                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    158131716                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139867856                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    144218370                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       253982                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1346528                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          534                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3638                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       114191                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        12435                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      2218312                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles      28836120                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles       277393                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    146778995                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1461                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     34703333                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17555302                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8616                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents       172271                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          123                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3638                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       608611                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       614389                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      1223000                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    140094851                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     33730262                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       977893                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  97                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           51236698                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       18357533                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores         17506436                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.474445                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            139871564                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           139867856                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        75554062                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       149132377                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.473676                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.506624                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts    113663240                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    133572800                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     13222506                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        17026                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      1064845                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    266204560                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501768                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320351                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    217578295     81.73%     81.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17896357      6.72%     88.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8333685      3.13%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8199410      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2268978      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9380885      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       712053      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       520988      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1313909      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    266204560                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts    113663240                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    133572800                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             50797916                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            33356805                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              8500                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         17639030                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts       118778178                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      1293751                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      1313909                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          411685619                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         295809108                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               4544500                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              26858898                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts         113663240                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           133572800                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total    113663240                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.597865                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.597865                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.384931                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.384931                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      692588599                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     162391331                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     175185734                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        17000                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 62                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              295281770                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       25616398                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     21328573                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2325576                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9760740                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9367269                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2757415                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       108110                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    222893551                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            140545035                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          25616398                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches     12124684                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            29294555                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       6470495                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles     20247463                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.MiscStallCycles         4441                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           62                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        13838939                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2223003                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    276563921                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624517                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987258                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      247269366     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        1796823      0.65%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        2259877      0.82%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        3605849      1.30%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        1517468      0.55%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        1943533      0.70%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6        2266664      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7        1037622      0.38%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8       14866719      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    276563921                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.086752                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.475969                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      221585781                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles     21685919                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        29155071                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        13956                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      4123193                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      3898778                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          656                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    171789153                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         3189                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      4123193                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      221810081                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        715298                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles     20343903                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        28944816                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       626622                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    170731984                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          152                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        90620                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       436957                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    238462787                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    793967204                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    793967204                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    199645381                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       38817406                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        41359                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21561                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         2200470                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     15978530                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      8361537                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        94334                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores      1897114                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        166695036                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        41510                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       159974624                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       160431                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20133887                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40927178                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1576                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    276563921                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578436                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302534                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    208779425     75.49%     75.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     30916687     11.18%     86.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12640226      4.57%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7082313      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      9596801      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2955870      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2907007      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1562786      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       122806      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    276563921                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1101654     79.04%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead       149565     10.73%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       142586     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    134769317     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2187146      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        19798      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14661848      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8336515      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    159974624                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.541769                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1393805                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008713                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    598067405                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    186871196                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    155813837                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    161368429                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       119072                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3002868                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           53                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          765                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       116343                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      4123193                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        543841                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        68788                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    166736552                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       130972                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15978530                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8361537                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21560                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        60163                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           74                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          765                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1377978                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1305744                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      2683722                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    157190460                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     14420982                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2784164                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           22756815                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       22229308                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          8335833                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.532341                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            155814200                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           155813837                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        93355872                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       250791215                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.527678                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.372245                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts    116148763                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    143121903                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23615321                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        39934                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      2345447                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    272440728                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525332                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344129                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    211866177     77.77%     77.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     30699211     11.27%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11143217      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5555392      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5079967      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2132750      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2109924      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1005800      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2848290      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    272440728                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts    116148763                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    143121903                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             21220856                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            12975662                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars             19922                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         20745292                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts       128856122                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      2955386                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      2848290                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          436328856                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         337597657                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               3376386                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              18717849                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts         116148763                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           143121903                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total    116148763                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.542272                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.542272                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.393349                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.393349                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      707295680                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     217727710                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     158891830                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        39900                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              295281770                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       21698760                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17796272                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2124833                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8976915                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8476919                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2225499                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        95344                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    207190767                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            123345416                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          21698760                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches     10702418                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            27121011                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       6032022                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles     19168824                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        12765221                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2113104                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    257350431                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.586049                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.923310                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      230229420     89.46%     89.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1        2926917      1.14%     90.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        3390943      1.32%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3        1871810      0.73%     92.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        2168974      0.84%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        1182441      0.46%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         809227      0.31%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7        2113362      0.82%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       12657337      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    257350431                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.073485                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.417721                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      205522341                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles     20869105                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        26905383                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles       203567                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      3850033                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      3520492                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred        19791                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    150578044                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts        97862                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      3850033                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      205833110                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles       7014859                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles     12952166                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        26806775                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       893486                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    150494304                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          237                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents       235827                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       411438                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents           30                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    209121644                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    700681782                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    700681782                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    178588029                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       30533611                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        39168                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21742                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         2395625                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     14363944                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      7824277                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads       205995                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores      1735110                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        150265495                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        39231                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       142014453                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       198782                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18756003                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43392950                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4155                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    257350431                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551833                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.244437                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    197520496     76.75%     76.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24061569      9.35%     86.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12912603      5.02%     91.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8958082      3.48%     94.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7838172      3.05%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      4010747      1.56%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       959345      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       624397      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       465020      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    257350431                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         37222     12.19%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead       130804     42.82%     55.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       137435     44.99%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    118883910     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2221463      1.56%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17391      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13123876      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7767813      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    142014453                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.480946                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            305461                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002151                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    541883580                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    169062081                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139671102                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    142319914                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       357222                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2530954                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          924                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1354                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       168369                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8695                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         4619                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      3850033                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles       6495581                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles       158311                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    150304855                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        18238                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14363944                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7824277                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21719                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents       111084                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1354                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1232988                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1192678                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      2425666                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139931685                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12325764                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2082768                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                 129                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           20091735                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       19575702                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          7765971                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.473892                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            139673337                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           139671102                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        83002146                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       217427463                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.473010                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.381746                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts    104870851                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    128663892                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21642467                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35076                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      2136944                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    253500398                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507549                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.324077                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    200934794     79.26%     79.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24379570      9.62%     88.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10213461      4.03%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      6139302      2.42%     95.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4250756      1.68%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2743763      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1423354      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1145653      0.45%     99.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2269745      0.90%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    253500398                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts    104870851                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    128663892                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             19488895                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            11832987                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars             17500                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         18414129                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts       115995541                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      2617681                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      2269745                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          401536310                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         304462829                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               3173832                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              37931339                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts         104870851                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           128663892                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total    104870851                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.815671                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.815671                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.355155                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.355155                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      631185950                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     193841936                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     140521950                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        35044                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 62                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              295281770                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       25636973                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     21345428                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2326441                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9765810                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9378618                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2758485                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       107978                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    223044155                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            140645319                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          25636973                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches     12137103                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            29316615                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       6473064                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles     20065790                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.MiscStallCycles         7587                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           62                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        13847332                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2224001                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    276559750                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624963                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987894                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      247243135     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1        1797221      0.65%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        2266040      0.82%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3        3608452      1.30%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        1516528      0.55%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        1945767      0.70%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6        2266775      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7        1037187      0.38%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       14878645      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    276559750                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.086822                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.476309                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      221737290                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles     21506439                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        29177270                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        13862                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      4124888                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      3902230                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          653                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    171910857                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         3201                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      4124888                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      221962297                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        716132                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles     20161602                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        28966178                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       628645                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    170852865                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          149                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        90746                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       438406                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    238637126                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    794528089                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    794528089                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    199801228                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       38835887                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        41366                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21553                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         2210022                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     15986753                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      8367983                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        94550                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores      1899176                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        166816160                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        41516                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       160082174                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       158225                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20141983                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40964740                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1554                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    276559750                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578834                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302850                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    208725056     75.47%     75.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     30942121     11.19%     86.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12648348      4.57%     91.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7089569      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      9604109      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2955602      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2907597      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1564162      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       123186      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    276559750                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1102906     79.08%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead       149133     10.69%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       142716     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    134863976     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2188809      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        19813      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14666890      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8342686      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    160082174                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.542134                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1394755                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008713                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    598277078                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    187000428                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    155927100                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    161476929                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       119499                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3000940                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           42                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          771                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       116364                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      4124888                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        544128                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        68560                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    166857681                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       131002                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15986753                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8367983                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21552                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        59944                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           66                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          771                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1378393                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1306735                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      2685128                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    157301406                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     14428929                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2780768                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           22770864                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       22248089                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          8341935                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.532716                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            155927524                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           155927100                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        93426763                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       250967600                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.528062                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.372266                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts    116239366                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    143233637                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23624687                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        39962                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      2346321                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    272434862                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525754                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344568                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    211813623     77.75%     77.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     30723046     11.28%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11149957      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5559190      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5085992      1.87%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2134829      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2112126      0.78%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1006554      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2849545      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    272434862                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts    116239366                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    143233637                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             21237428                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            12985809                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars             19936                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         20761545                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts       128956661                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      2957691                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      2849545                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          436442835                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         337841564                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               3378320                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              18722020                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts         116239366                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           143233637                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total    116239366                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.540291                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.540291                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.393656                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.393656                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      707799631                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     217883669                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     159006124                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        39928                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 27                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              295281770                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       20193408                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18034200                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1610683                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     13536932                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits       13194846                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1211420                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        48635                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    213514575                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            114684977                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          20193408                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches     14406266                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            25578620                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       5277452                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      8790739                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          711                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        12918653                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1580924                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    251542407                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.510800                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.746031                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      225963787     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1        3901581      1.55%     91.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        1967723      0.78%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3        3861336      1.54%     93.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        1238388      0.49%     94.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        3576859      1.42%     95.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         563435      0.22%     95.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         905913      0.36%     96.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        9563385      3.80%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    251542407                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.068387                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.388392                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      211513530                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles     10841617                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        25527949                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        20463                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      3638844                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      1904352                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred        18893                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    128284186                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts        35739                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      3638844                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      211741740                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles       7007516                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      3111160                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        25301607                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       741536                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    128096913                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          244                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        99550                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       566201                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    167880421                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    580542985                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    580542985                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    136190909                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       31689489                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        17192                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8701                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         1712961                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     23117898                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      3748723                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        24184                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       851434                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        127437531                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17253                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       119357437                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        77364                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     22955468                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     46986092                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          124                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    251542407                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.474502                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.087856                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199205015     79.19%     79.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     16455373      6.54%     85.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     17570401      6.99%     92.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10136979      4.03%     96.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5240891      2.08%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1311959      0.52%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1555557      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        36232      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        30000      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    251542407                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        199700     57.17%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        82272     23.55%     80.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        67346     19.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     93593561     78.41%     78.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       935161      0.78%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8492      0.01%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     21103501     17.68%     96.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3716722      3.11%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    119357437                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.404215                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            349318                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002927                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    490683962                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    150410563                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    116329804                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    119706755                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        92854                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4707618                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          125                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          316                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        85656                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      3638844                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles       6164361                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        89461                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    127454876                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        16417                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     23117898                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3748723                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8697                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        43071                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2403                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          316                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1089046                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       617873                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      1706919                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    117844284                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     20801065                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1513152                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  92                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           24517596                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       17915164                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          3716531                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.399091                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            116356503                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           116329804                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        70396842                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       153305501                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.393962                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.459193                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     92682326                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    104339578                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23120452                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        17129                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      1600581                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    247903563                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.420888                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288274                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    209059896     84.33%     84.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15261067      6.16%     90.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9802745      3.95%     94.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3085476      1.24%     95.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5122944      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1000268      0.40%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       633210      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       579439      0.23%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3358518      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    247903563                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     92682326                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    104339578                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             22073347                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            18410280                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              8546                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         16009287                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        91181829                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      1303883                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      3358518                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          372004724                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         258561779                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               4767165                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              43739363                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          92682326                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           104339578                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     92682326                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     3.185956                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               3.185956                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.313878                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.313878                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      547787709                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     151572581                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     136259651                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        17112                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              295281770                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       20784049                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16996119                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2034297                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8610627                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8204608                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2139136                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89905                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201941563                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            117927025                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          20784049                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches     10343744                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            24711876                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       5908399                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      9178101                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        12418755                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2047308                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    239660597                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601254                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.945825                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      214948721     89.69%     89.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1        1335276      0.56%     90.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        2114977      0.88%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3        3374118      1.41%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        1395300      0.58%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        1562366      0.65%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6        1665069      0.69%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7        1092245      0.46%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8       12172525      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    239660597                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.070387                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.399371                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      200023369                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles     11111287                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        24635450                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        61904                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      3828584                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      3408375                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          474                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    144008335                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         3081                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      3828584                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      200325036                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles       2231077                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      7963672                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        24401177                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       911046                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    143919828                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents        40197                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents       245975                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       333681                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents        71763                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    199801770                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    669470818                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    669470818                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    170614973                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       29186797                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        37290                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20790                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         2662580                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     13718364                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      7377689                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads       222430                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores      1675832                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        143735279                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37397                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       136109401                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       171582                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18107369                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40228880                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4119                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    239660597                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567926                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.261048                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    182230088     76.04%     76.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23077479      9.63%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12607656      5.26%     90.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8584400      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8023076      3.35%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2306223      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1800052      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       613305      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       418318      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    239660597                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31580     12.65%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        95301     38.18%     50.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122741     49.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    114022069     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2150493      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16497      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12582055      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7338287      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    136109401                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.460948                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            249622                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001834                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    512300603                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161881561                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133923179                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    136359023                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       412251                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2457374                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          381                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1551                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       219049                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8478                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           66                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      3828584                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles       1383260                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles       122006                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143772826                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         9428                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13718364                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7377689                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20777                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        89631                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           28                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1551                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1191098                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1158647                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      2349745                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    134169644                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11832714                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1939757                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                 150                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           19169200                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       18886097                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          7336486                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.454378                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            133924098                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           133923179                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        78296160                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       204514640                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.453544                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.382839                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100219060                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps    122843071                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20930247                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33278                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      2077798                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    235832013                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520892                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373017                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    185965022     78.85%     78.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24149275     10.24%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9402221      3.99%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5065747      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3791399      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2119220      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1307413      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1167789      0.50%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2863927      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    235832013                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts    100219060                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps    122843071                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             18419630                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            11260990                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars             16602                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         17633711                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts       110690694                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      2495534                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      2863927                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          376740728                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         291375443                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               3273824                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              55621173                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts         100219060                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps           122843071                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total    100219060                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.946363                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.946363                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.339401                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.339401                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      605047346                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     185632532                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     134331180                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        33248                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 62                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              295281770                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       25621327                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     21332678                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2326907                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9776664                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9370938                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2757345                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       108152                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    222948048                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            140573067                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          25621327                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches     12128283                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            29299045                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       6468896                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles     20181374                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.MiscStallCycles         7553                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           62                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        13842090                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2224015                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    276556988                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624574                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987305                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      247257943     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1        1796915      0.65%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        2262617      0.82%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3        3608111      1.30%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        1516493      0.55%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        1943317      0.70%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6        2267551      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7        1036372      0.37%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8       14867669      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    276556988                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.086769                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.476064                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      221643309                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles     21620096                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        29159426                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        13904                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      4120252                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      3899329                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          654                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    171799750                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         3192                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      4120252                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      221868867                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        715725                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles     20276485                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        28947900                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       627751                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    170736596                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          157                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        90433                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       438242                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    238490086                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    793981111                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    793981111                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    199690890                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       38799189                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        41577                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21775                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         2209040                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     15964502                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      8362545                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        94420                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores      1896303                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        166702490                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        41724                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       159996435                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       159233                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20112289                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40839175                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1782                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    276556988                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578530                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302573                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    208757833     75.48%     75.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     30925877     11.18%     86.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12643415      4.57%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7084672      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      9598273      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2954944      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2905119      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1563654      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       123201      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    276556988                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1102217     79.13%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead       148055     10.63%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       142627     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    134789640     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2187604      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        19802      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14662319      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8337070      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    159996435                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.541843                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1392899                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008706                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    598101990                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    186857272                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    155837690                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    161389334                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       119368                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2985878                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           44                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          772                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       115496                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      4120252                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        544347                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        68795                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    166744221                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       130867                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15964502                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8362545                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21774                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        60188                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           72                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          772                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1380065                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1305191                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      2685256                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    157214466                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     14424648                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2781969                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           22760954                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       22235410                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          8336306                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.532422                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            155838143                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           155837690                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        93366934                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       250789164                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.527759                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.372293                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts    116175202                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps    143154510                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23590390                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        39942                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      2346796                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    272436736                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525460                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344191                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    211846575     77.76%     77.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     30704602     11.27%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11147172      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5560288      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5080200      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2135005      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2109443      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1005391      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2848060      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    272436736                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts    116175202                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps    143154510                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             21225670                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            12978621                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars             19926                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         20750053                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts       128885432                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      2956052                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      2848060                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          436332770                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         337610082                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               3375970                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              18724782                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts         116175202                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps           143154510                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total    116175202                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.541694                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.541694                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.393438                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.393438                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      707411672                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     217767955                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     158923230                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        39908                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 58                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              295281770                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       22784673                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18643416                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2233278                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9585545                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8983470                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2357376                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       101848                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    219704759                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            127351966                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          22784673                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches     11340846                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            26603729                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       6071920                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles     11969288                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.MiscStallCycles          713                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        13441875                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2234336                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    262088185                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.596798                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931341                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      235484456     89.85%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        1246971      0.48%     90.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        1975983      0.75%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        2670489      1.02%     92.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        2748034      1.05%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        2322146      0.89%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6        1295245      0.49%     94.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7        1930029      0.74%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8       12414832      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    262088185                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.077162                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.431290                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      217443044                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles     14251087                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        26554458                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        30292                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      3809301                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      3749584                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          386                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    156291747                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1991                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      3809301                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      218041266                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles       1974407                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles     10895076                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        25993581                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles      1374551                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    156230920                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          204                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents       204033                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       589876                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    218019204                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    726769511                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    726769511                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    189275801                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       28743402                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        39178                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20570                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         4082148                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     14638048                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      7926588                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        93303                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores      1843097                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        156038217                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        39314                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       148311415                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        20487                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17052572                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40634221                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1791                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    262088185                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565884                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258859                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199331568     76.06%     76.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     25802896      9.85%     85.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13078684      4.99%     90.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9861091      3.76%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7745509      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3126923      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1976314      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1028257      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       136943      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    262088185                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27843     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        90289     36.58%     47.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       128664     52.13%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    124742063     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2208566      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18604      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13441117      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7901065      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    148311415                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.502271                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            246796                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001664                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    558978298                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    173130708                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    146075711                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    148558211                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       300776                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2342018                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           97                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          606                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       104263                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      3809301                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles       1639987                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles       134965                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    156077683                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        57563                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14638048                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7926588                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20574                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents       113870                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          606                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1302782                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1249611                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      2552393                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    146253090                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12647842                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2058325                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                 152                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           20548596                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       20791153                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          7900754                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.495300                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            146075937                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           146075711                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        83856667                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       225944453                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.494699                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.371138                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts    110335732                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    135766957                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20310747                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        37523                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      2261444                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    258278884                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525660                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373150                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    202601476     78.44%     78.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27584960     10.68%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10432720      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4971876      1.93%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4179518      1.62%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2405618      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2108764      0.82%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       949433      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3044519      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    258278884                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts    110335732                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    135766957                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             20118355                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            12296030                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars             18720                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         19577826                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts       122324417                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      2795761                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      3044519                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          411311315                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         315964766                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               3332787                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              33193585                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts         110335732                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           135766957                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total    110335732                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.676212                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.676212                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.373663                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.373663                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      658273239                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     203490035                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     144881506                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        37490                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 27                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              295281770                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       20278609                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18110510                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1616462                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     13593719                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits       13251890                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1216755                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        49017                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    214396238                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            115162701                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          20278609                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches     14468645                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            25686718                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       5297498                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      8598899                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        12972127                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1586648                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    252353836                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511278                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.746759                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      226667118     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1        3918675      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        1976849      0.78%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3        3878957      1.54%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        1241061      0.49%     94.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        3593170      1.42%     95.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         565360      0.22%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         909678      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        9602968      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    252353836                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.068675                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.390010                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      212384118                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles     10660455                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        25635791                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        20472                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      3652996                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      1912221                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred        18960                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    128817985                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts        35780                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      3652996                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      212613315                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       6862472                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      3071594                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        25408034                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       745421                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    128628744                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          241                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        99748                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       569406                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    168574293                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    582948647                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    582948647                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    136767348                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       31806930                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        17274                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8748                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         1722103                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     23215002                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      3764540                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        24793                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       854655                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        127965344                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17337                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       119853685                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        78129                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     23040150                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     47171445                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          136                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    252353836                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.474943                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088249                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199799181     79.17%     79.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     16519916      6.55%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     17648831      6.99%     92.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10178300      4.03%     96.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5261924      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1317316      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1561832      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        36349      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        30187      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    252353836                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        200804     57.19%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        82647     23.54%     80.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        67651     19.27%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     93981277     78.41%     78.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       939242      0.78%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8527      0.01%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     21192541     17.68%     96.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3732098      3.11%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    119853685                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.405896                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            351102                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002929                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    492490434                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    151023135                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    116815419                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    120204787                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        93775                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4726363                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          108                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          309                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        86247                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      3652996                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles       6017498                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        89447                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    127982774                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        16467                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     23215002                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3764540                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8745                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        43049                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2420                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          309                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1092944                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       619296                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      1712240                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    118335322                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     20887529                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1518360                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  93                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           24619429                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       17991317                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          3731900                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.400754                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            116842266                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           116815419                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        70692731                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       153942760                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.395607                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.459214                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     93075166                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    104781258                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23206735                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        17201                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      1606336                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    248700840                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421314                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288910                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    209693902     84.32%     84.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15325921      6.16%     90.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9843425      3.96%     94.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3098161      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5144205      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1003663      0.40%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       636081      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       581473      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3374009      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    248700840                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     93075166                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    104781258                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             22166932                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            18488639                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              8582                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         16077022                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        91567658                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      1309313                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      3374009                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          373314473                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         259631874                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               4788115                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              42927934                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          93075166                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           104781258                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     93075166                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     3.172509                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               3.172509                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.315208                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.315208                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      550066813                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     152203807                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     136827688                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        17184                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              295281770                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       20776732                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16990705                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2026350                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8565911                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8193834                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2136667                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89811                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201617428                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            117927764                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          20776732                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches     10330501                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            24704515                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       5901464                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      9236216                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        12397617                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2039815                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    239388287                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601825                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.946784                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      214683772     89.68%     89.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        1338287      0.56%     90.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        2112704      0.88%     91.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        3367379      1.41%     92.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        1397467      0.58%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        1556843      0.65%     93.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6        1668517      0.70%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7        1087740      0.45%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8       12175578      5.09%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    239388287                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.070362                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.399374                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      199702645                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles     11165868                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        24627829                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        62280                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      3829662                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      3406819                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          469                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    143981827                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         3031                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      3829662                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      200007014                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       2204414                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      8061501                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        24391557                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       894134                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    143890497                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents        32194                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents       247208                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       332337                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents        57176                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    199755378                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    669374537                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    669374537                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    170465399                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       29289974                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        37156                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20670                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         2654256                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     13701780                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      7375030                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads       222857                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores      1679699                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        143694721                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37262                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       135999730                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       171012                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18192446                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40574323                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4017                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    239388287                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.568114                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.261280                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    182013782     76.03%     76.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23051502      9.63%     85.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12586066      5.26%     90.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8580700      3.58%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8023418      3.35%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2304795      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1798221      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       611401      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       418402      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    239388287                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31655     12.68%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        95393     38.20%     50.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122694     49.13%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113923662     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2152709      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16482      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12570172      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7336705      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    135999730                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.460576                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            249742                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001836                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    511808501                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161925925                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133826119                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    136249472                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       411828                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2450683                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          357                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1530                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       222711                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8450                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           95                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      3829662                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       1375577                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles       122275                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143732131                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        42017                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13701780                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7375030                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20656                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        89929                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           29                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1530                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1184244                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1157388                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      2341632                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    134073993                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11823753                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1925737                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                 148                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           19158720                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       18869519                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          7334967                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.454054                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            133827031                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           133826119                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        78241369                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       204388323                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.453215                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.382807                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100131113                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    122735357                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20997247                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33245                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      2069797                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    235558625                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.521040                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373278                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    185738673     78.85%     78.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24127387     10.24%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9390056      3.99%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5063507      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3787042      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2116403      0.90%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1305133      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1167036      0.50%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2863388      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    235558625                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts    100131113                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    122735357                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             18403416                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            11251097                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars             16586                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         17618292                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts       110593591                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      2493347                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      2863388                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          376427165                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         291295084                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               3266521                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              55893483                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts         100131113                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           122735357                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total    100131113                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.948951                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.948951                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.339104                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.339104                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      604610787                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     185491025                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     134322182                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        33214                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 27                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              295281770                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       20298329                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18127685                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1617202                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     13597173                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits       13264222                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1217255                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        48856                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    214559719                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            115267992                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          20298329                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches     14481477                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            25708019                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       5300681                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      8524963                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        12981790                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1587321                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    252467119                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511510                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.747141                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      226759100     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        3921349      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        1977040      0.78%     92.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        3881578      1.54%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        1243732      0.49%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        3595375      1.42%     95.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         565989      0.22%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         911983      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        9610973      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    252467119                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.068742                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.390366                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      212545882                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles     10588015                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        25657089                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        20713                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      3655416                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      1914669                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred        18977                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    128935620                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts        35876                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      3655416                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      212775220                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles       6824428                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      3035553                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        25429414                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       747084                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    128746430                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          260                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents       100977                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       569980                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    168729177                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    583472612                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    583472612                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    136896682                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       31832469                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        17279                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8745                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         1727103                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     23236319                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      3767805                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        24478                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       856704                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        128082900                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17340                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       119964231                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        77661                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     23059235                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     47205460                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          126                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    252467119                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475168                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088444                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199864047     79.16%     79.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     16534482      6.55%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     17664083      7.00%     92.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10191383      4.04%     96.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5264455      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1319061      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1563046      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        36463      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        30099      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    252467119                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        200447     57.12%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        82757     23.58%     80.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        67697     19.29%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     94066824     78.41%     78.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       939970      0.78%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8535      0.01%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     21212921     17.68%     96.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3735981      3.11%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    119964231                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.406270                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            350901                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002925                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    492824143                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    151159791                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    116924726                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    120315132                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        94555                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4729992                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          128                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          322                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        86092                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      3655416                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles       5978632                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        89619                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    128100332                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        15530                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     23236319                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3767805                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8741                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        42987                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2461                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          322                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1093429                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       620049                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      1713478                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    118446237                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     20908458                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1517994                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  92                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           24644236                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       18009024                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          3735778                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.401130                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            116951665                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           116924726                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        70759197                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       154078272                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.395977                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.459242                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     93163405                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    104880456                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23225061                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        17214                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      1607063                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    248811703                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421525                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.289186                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    209767692     84.31%     84.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15340056      6.17%     90.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9853412      3.96%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3100729      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5149268      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1004840      0.40%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       636595      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       582341      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3376770      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    248811703                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     93163405                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    104880456                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             22188033                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            18506320                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              8588                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         16092387                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        91654172                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      1310537                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      3376770                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          373540099                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         259869343                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               4791136                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              42814651                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          93163405                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           104880456                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     93163405                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     3.169504                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               3.169504                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.315507                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.315507                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      550583347                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     152346205                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     136954973                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        17198                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                        32474                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.587367                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         167876                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                        34522                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                         4.862870                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.096004                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     3.075924                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1667.529858                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data         364.885582                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.001502                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.814224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.178167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        40625                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                 40626                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8477                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                8477                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          106                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                 106                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        40731                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                  40732                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        40731                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                 40732                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        32393                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total               32431                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           33                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::total                33                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        32426                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                32464                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        32426                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total               32464                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56343732                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  30248312109                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   30304655841                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     30385009                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     30385009                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56343732                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  30278697118                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total    30335040850                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56343732                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  30278697118                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total   30335040850                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        73018                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total             73057                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8477                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total            8477                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          139                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total             139                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        73157                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total              73196                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        73157                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total             73196                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.443630                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.443914                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.237410                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.237410                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.443239                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.443522                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.443239                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.443522                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1482729.789474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 933791.625012                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 934434.825969                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 920757.848485                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 920757.848485                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1482729.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 933778.360513                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 934420.923176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1482729.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 933778.360513                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 934420.923176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks               4844                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                    4844                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        32393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          32431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           33                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        32426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total           32464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        32426                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total          32464                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     53007332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  27403709453                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  27456716785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     27486775                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27486775                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     53007332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  27431196228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  27484203560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     53007332                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  27431196228                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  27484203560                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.443630                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443914                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.237410                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.237410                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.443239                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443522                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.443239                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443522                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1394929.789474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 845976.274288                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 846619.493232                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 832932.575758                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 832932.575758                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1394929.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 845962.999692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 846605.580335                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1394929.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 845962.999692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 846605.580335                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                        38000                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.935704                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         207522                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                        40048                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                         5.181832                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.720675                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     1.825223                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1820.643341                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data         221.746465                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001817                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000891                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.888986                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.108275                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        44963                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                 44964                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks          14320                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total               14320                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           31                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                  31                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        44994                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                  44995                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        44994                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                 44995                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        37913                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total               37952                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           48                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::total                48                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        37961                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                38000                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        37961                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total               38000                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     77503214                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  36141586962                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   36219090176                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     75999454                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     75999454                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     77503214                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  36217586416                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total    36295089630                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     77503214                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  36217586416                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total   36295089630                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        82876                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total             82916                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        14320                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total           14320                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           79                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total              79                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        82955                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total              82995                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        82955                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total             82995                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.457467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.457716                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.607595                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.607595                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.457610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.457859                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.457610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.457859                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1987261.897436                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 953276.896104                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 954339.433390                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1583321.958333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1583321.958333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1987261.897436                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 954073.560127                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 955133.937632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1987261.897436                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 954073.560127                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 955133.937632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks               5955                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                    5955                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        37913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          37952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           48                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        37961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total           38000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        37961                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total          38000                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     74079014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  32811867203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  32885946217                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     71784661                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     71784661                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     74079014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  32883651864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  32957730878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     74079014                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  32883651864                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  32957730878                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.457467                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.457716                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.607595                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.607595                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.457610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.457859                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.457610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.457859                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1899461.897436                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 865451.618258                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 866514.181519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1495513.770833                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1495513.770833                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1899461.897436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 866248.303891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 867308.707316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1899461.897436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 866248.303891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 867308.707316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                        38085                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.937227                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         207490                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                        40133                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                         5.170060                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.642873                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     1.784895                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1821.857245                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data         220.652214                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000872                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.889579                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.107740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        44994                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                 44995                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks          14257                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total               14257                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                  30                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        45024                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                  45025                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        45024                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                 45025                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        37999                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total               38039                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           48                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::total                48                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        38047                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                38087                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        38047                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total               38087                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     83308240                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  35879917846                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   35963226086                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     73072248                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     73072248                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     83308240                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  35952990094                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total    36036298334                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     83308240                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  35952990094                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total   36036298334                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        82993                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total             83034                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        14257                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total           14257                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total              78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        83071                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total              83112                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        83071                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total             83112                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.457858                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.458114                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.615385                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.615385                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.458006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.458261                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.458006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.458261                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2082706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 944233.212611                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 945430.376351                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 1522338.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1522338.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2082706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 944962.548795                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 946157.437813                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2082706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 944962.548795                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 946157.437813                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks               5973                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                    5973                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        37999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          38039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           48                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        38047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total           38087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        38047                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total          38087                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     79796240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  32543332538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  32623128778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     68856849                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68856849                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     79796240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  32612189387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  32691985627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     79796240                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  32612189387                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  32691985627                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.457858                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458114                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.615385                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.615385                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.458006                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458261                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.458006                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458261                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1994906                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 856426.025369                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 857623.196667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 1434517.687500                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1434517.687500                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1994906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 857155.344364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 858350.240948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1994906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 857155.344364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 858350.240948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                        20160                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.828416                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         161658                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                        22208                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                         7.279269                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.550352                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     2.173312                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1678.783028                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data         337.321723                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014429                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.001061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.819718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.164708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999916                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        37946                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                 37947                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6903                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                6903                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           80                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                  80                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        38026                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                  38027                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        38026                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                 38027                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20125                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total               20159                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20125                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                20159                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20125                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total               20159                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     63474327                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  15935993156                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   15999467483                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     63474327                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  15935993156                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total    15999467483                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     63474327                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  15935993156                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total   15999467483                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        58071                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total             58106                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6903                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total            6903                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           80                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total              80                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        58151                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total              58186                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        58151                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total             58186                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.346559                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.346935                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.346082                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.346458                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.346082                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.346458                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1866891.970588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 791850.591602                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 793663.747358                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1866891.970588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 791850.591602                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 793663.747358                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1866891.970588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 791850.591602                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 793663.747358                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks               2712                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                    2712                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          20159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total           20159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20125                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total          20159                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     60489127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  14168564040                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14229053167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     60489127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  14168564040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14229053167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     60489127                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  14168564040                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14229053167                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.346559                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346935                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.346082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346458                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.346082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346458                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1779091.970588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 704028.026832                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 705841.220646                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1779091.970588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 704028.026832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 705841.220646                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1779091.970588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 704028.026832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 705841.220646                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                        20566                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.540895                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         233239                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                        22614                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        10.313921                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          31.993481                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     2.615150                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1669.808024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data         343.124239                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015622                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.001277                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.815336                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.167541                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        38126                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                 38127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks          20763                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total               20763                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          163                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                 163                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        38289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                  38290                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        38289                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                 38290                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20510                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total               20547                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::total                 4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20514                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                20551                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20514                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total               20551                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     69665855                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  17387670479                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   17457336334                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      4393243                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      4393243                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     69665855                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  17392063722                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total    17461729577                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     69665855                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  17392063722                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total   17461729577                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        58636                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total             58674                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        20763                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total           20763                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          167                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total             167                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        58803                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total              58841                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        58803                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total             58841                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.349785                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.350189                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.023952                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.023952                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.348860                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.349263                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.348860                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.349263                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1882860.945946                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 847765.503608                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 849629.451209                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 1098310.750000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1098310.750000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1882860.945946                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 847814.357122                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 849677.853973                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1882860.945946                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 847814.357122                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 849677.853973                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks              11085                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                   11085                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          20547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total           20551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20514                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total          20551                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     66416428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  15586707403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15653123831                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      4042043                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4042043                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     66416428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  15590749446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15657165874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     66416428                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  15590749446                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15657165874                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.349785                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.350189                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.023952                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023952                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.348860                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349263                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.348860                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349263                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1795038.594595                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 759956.479912                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 761820.403514                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 1010510.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1010510.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1795038.594595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 760005.335186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 761868.808039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1795038.594595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 760005.335186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 761868.808039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                        38137                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.936530                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         207538                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                        40185                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                         5.164564                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.778534                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     1.804595                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1820.855428                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data         221.497974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001845                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000881                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.889090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.108153                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        45007                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                 45008                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks          14291                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total               14291                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           32                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                  32                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        45039                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                  45040                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        45039                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                 45040                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        38050                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total               38090                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           47                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::total                47                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        38097                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                38137                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        38097                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total               38137                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     84870260                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  35873562980                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   35958433240                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     76580645                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     76580645                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     84870260                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  35950143625                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total    36035013885                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     84870260                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  35950143625                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total   36035013885                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        83057                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total             83098                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        14291                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total           14291                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           79                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total              79                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        83136                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total              83177                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        83136                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total             83177                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.458119                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.458374                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.594937                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.594937                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.458249                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.458504                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.458249                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.458504                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2121756.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 942800.603942                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 944038.677868                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1629375.425532                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1629375.425532                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2121756.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 943647.626454                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 944883.286179                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2121756.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 943647.626454                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 944883.286179                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks               5974                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                    5974                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        38050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          38090                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           47                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        38097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total           38137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        38097                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total          38137                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     81358260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  32532362249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  32613720509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     72454045                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72454045                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     81358260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  32604816294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  32686174554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     81358260                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  32604816294                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  32686174554                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.458119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458374                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.594937                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.594937                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.458249                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458504                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.458249                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458504                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2033956.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 854989.809435                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 856227.894697                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1541575.425532                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1541575.425532                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2033956.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 855836.845263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 857072.516297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2033956.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 855836.845263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 857072.516297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                         9496                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.218277                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         219045                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                        11544                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        18.974792                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.070913                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     5.009459                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1411.916712                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data         592.221193                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018589                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.002446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.689412                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.289171                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999618                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        31162                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                 31164                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9703                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                9703                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          238                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                 238                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        31400                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                  31402                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        31400                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                 31402                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         9460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                9496                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         9460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                 9496                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         9460                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                9496                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     96027922                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   7782211006                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    7878238928                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     96027922                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   7782211006                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total     7878238928                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     96027922                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   7782211006                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total    7878238928                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        40622                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total             40660                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9703                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total            9703                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          238                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total             238                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        40860                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total              40898                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        40860                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total             40898                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.232879                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.233546                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.231522                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.232187                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.231522                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.232187                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2667442.277778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 822643.869556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 829637.629318                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2667442.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 822643.869556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 829637.629318                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2667442.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 822643.869556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 829637.629318                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks               4994                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                    4994                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         9460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           9496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         9460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total            9496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         9460                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total           9496                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     92867122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   6951353758                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7044220880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     92867122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   6951353758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7044220880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     92867122                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   6951353758                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7044220880                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.232879                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233546                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.231522                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232187                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.231522                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232187                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2579642.277778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 734815.407822                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 741809.275484                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2579642.277778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 734815.407822                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 741809.275484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2579642.277778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 734815.407822                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 741809.275484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                        20552                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.542992                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         233334                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                        22600                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        10.324513                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          31.988249                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     2.595331                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1665.762474                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data         347.196938                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.001267                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.813361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.169530                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        38180                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                 38181                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks          20804                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total               20804                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          163                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                 163                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        38343                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                  38344                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        38343                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                 38344                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        20496                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total               20533                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::total                 3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        20499                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                20536                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        20499                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total               20536                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     63658243                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  17327538275                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   17391196518                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      3496746                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      3496746                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     63658243                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  17331035021                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total    17394693264                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     63658243                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  17331035021                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total   17394693264                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        58676                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total             58714                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        20804                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total           20804                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          166                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total             166                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        58842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total              58880                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        58842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total             58880                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.349308                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.349712                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.018072                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.018072                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.348374                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.348777                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.348374                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.348777                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1720493.054054                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 845410.727703                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 846987.606195                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1165582                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1165582                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1720493.054054                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 845457.584321                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 847034.148033                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1720493.054054                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 845457.584321                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 847034.148033                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks              11083                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                   11083                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        20496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          20533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        20499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total           20536                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        20499                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total          20536                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     60409606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  15527824730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15588234336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      3233346                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3233346                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     60409606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  15531058076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15591467682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     60409606                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  15531058076                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15591467682                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.349308                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349712                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.018072                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018072                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.348374                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348777                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.348374                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348777                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1632692.054054                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 757602.689793                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 759179.580967                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1077782                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1077782                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1632692.054054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 757649.547588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 759226.123977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1632692.054054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 757649.547588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 759226.123977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                         9502                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.222062                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         219086                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                        11550                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        18.968485                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.078549                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     5.233579                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1411.912916                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data         591.997018                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018593                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.002555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.689411                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.289061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        31190                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                 31192                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9717                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                9717                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          235                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                 235                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        31425                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                  31427                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        31425                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                 31427                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         9463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                9501                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         9463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                 9501                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         9463                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                9501                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    100510786                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   7700418460                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    7800929246                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    100510786                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   7700418460                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total     7800929246                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    100510786                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   7700418460                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total    7800929246                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        40653                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total             40693                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9717                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total            9717                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          235                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total             235                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        40888                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total              40928                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        40888                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total             40928                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.232775                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.233480                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.231437                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.232139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.231437                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.232139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2645020.684211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 813739.666068                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 821064.019156                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2645020.684211                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 813739.666068                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 821064.019156                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2645020.684211                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 813739.666068                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 821064.019156                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks               4996                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                    4996                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         9463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           9501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         9463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total            9501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         9463                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total           9501                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     97174386                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   6869387504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6966561890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     97174386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   6869387504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6966561890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     97174386                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   6869387504                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6966561890                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.232775                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233480                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.231437                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232139                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.231437                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232139                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2557220.684211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 725920.691535                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 733245.120514                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2557220.684211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 725920.691535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 733245.120514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2557220.684211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 725920.691535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 733245.120514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                        20105                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.830015                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         161344                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                        22153                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                         7.283167                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.687649                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     2.105381                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1678.450635                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data         338.586349                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.001028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.819556                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.165325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        37756                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                 37757                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6779                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                6779                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           79                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                  79                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        37835                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                  37836                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        37835                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                 37836                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        20070                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total               20104                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        20070                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                20104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        20070                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total               20104                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     74452606                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  16302088821                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   16376541427                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     74452606                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  16302088821                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total    16376541427                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     74452606                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  16302088821                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total   16376541427                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        57826                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total             57861                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6779                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total            6779                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           79                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total              79                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        57905                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total              57940                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        57905                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total             57940                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.347076                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.347453                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.346602                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.346980                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.346602                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.346980                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2189782.529412                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 812261.525710                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 814591.197125                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2189782.529412                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 812261.525710                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 814591.197125                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2189782.529412                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 812261.525710                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 814591.197125                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks               2709                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                    2709                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        20070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          20104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        20070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total           20104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        20070                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total          20104                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     71453906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  14538279738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14609733644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     71453906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  14538279738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14609733644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     71453906                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  14538279738                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14609733644                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.347076                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347453                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.346602                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346980                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.346602                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346980                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2101585.470588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 724378.661584                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 726707.801632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2101585.470588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 724378.661584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 726707.801632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2101585.470588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 724378.661584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 726707.801632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                        32450                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.589369                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         168005                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                        34498                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                         4.869992                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          11.691953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     3.809562                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1666.749141                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data         365.338714                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.001860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.813842                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.178388                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        40739                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                 40740                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8492                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                8492                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          105                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                 105                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        40844                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                  40845                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        40844                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                 40845                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        32367                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total               32407                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           33                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::total                33                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        32400                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                32440                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        32400                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total               32440                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     53574007                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  29866386836                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   29919960843                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     24679766                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     24679766                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     53574007                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  29891066602                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total    29944640609                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     53574007                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  29891066602                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total   29944640609                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        73106                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total             73147                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8492                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total            8492                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          138                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total             138                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        73244                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total              73285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        73244                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total             73285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.442741                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.443039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.239130                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.239130                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.442357                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.442655                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.442357                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.442655                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1339350.175000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 922741.892545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 923256.112661                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 747871.696970                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 747871.696970                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1339350.175000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 922563.784012                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 923077.700647                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1339350.175000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 922563.784012                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 923077.700647                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks               4850                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                    4850                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        32367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          32407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           33                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        32400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total           32440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        32400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total          32440                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     50062007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  27024286923                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  27074348930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     21782231                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     21782231                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     50062007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  27046069154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  27096131161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     50062007                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  27046069154                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  27096131161                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.442741                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443039                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.239130                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.239130                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.442357                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442655                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.442357                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442655                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1251550.175000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 834933.324775                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 835447.555466                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 660067.606061                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 660067.606061                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1251550.175000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 834755.220802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 835269.147996                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1251550.175000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 834755.220802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 835269.147996                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                         9498                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.227887                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         219109                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                        11546                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        18.977048                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.083089                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     5.110218                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1411.962107                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data         592.072474                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018595                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.002495                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.689435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.289098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        31206                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                 31208                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9723                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                9723                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          235                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                 235                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        31441                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                  31443                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        31441                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                 31443                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         9461                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                9498                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         9461                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                 9498                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         9461                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                9498                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    102487909                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   7761618351                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    7864106260                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    102487909                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   7761618351                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total     7864106260                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    102487909                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   7761618351                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total    7864106260                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        40667                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total             40706                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9723                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total            9723                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          235                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total             235                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        40902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total              40941                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        40902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total             40941                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.232646                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.233332                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.231309                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.231992                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.231309                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.231992                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2769943.486486                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 820380.335165                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 827974.969467                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2769943.486486                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 820380.335165                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 827974.969467                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2769943.486486                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 820380.335165                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 827974.969467                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks               4994                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                    4994                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         9461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           9498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         9461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total            9498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         9461                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total           9498                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     99238288                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   6930662705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7029900993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     99238288                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   6930662705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7029900993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     99238288                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   6930662705                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7029900993                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.232646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233332                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.231309                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.231992                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.231309                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.231992                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2682115.891892                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 732550.756263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 740145.398294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2682115.891892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 732550.756263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 740145.398294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2682115.891892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 732550.756263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 740145.398294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                        13286                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.463183                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         196502                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                        15334                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        12.814791                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.957267                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     4.778617                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1533.404134                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data         482.323166                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013163                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.002333                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.748732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.235509                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        31692                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                 31694                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks          10199                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total               10199                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          168                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                 168                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        31860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                  31862                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        31860                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                 31862                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        13240                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total               13281                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        13240                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                13281                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        13240                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total               13281                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     71334814                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  11045360844                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   11116695658                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     71334814                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  11045360844                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total    11116695658                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     71334814                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  11045360844                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total   11116695658                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        44932                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total             44975                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        10199                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total           10199                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          168                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total             168                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        45100                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total              45143                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        45100                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total             45143                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.294667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.295297                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.293570                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.294198                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.293570                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.294198                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1739873.512195                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 834241.755589                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 837037.546721                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1739873.512195                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 834241.755589                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 837037.546721                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1739873.512195                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 834241.755589                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 837037.546721                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks               5836                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                    5836                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l212.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l212.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l212.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l212.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        13239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          13280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        13239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total           13280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        13239                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total          13280                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     67734559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   9882504603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9950239162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     67734559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   9882504603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9950239162                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     67734559                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   9882504603                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9950239162                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.294645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.295275                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.293548                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.293548                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1652062.414634                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 746469.114208                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 749264.997139                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1652062.414634                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 746469.114208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 749264.997139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1652062.414634                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 746469.114208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 749264.997139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                        20120                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.837989                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         161615                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                        22168                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                         7.290464                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.690807                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     2.122007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1678.330999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data         338.694176                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.001036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.819498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.165378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        37982                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                 37983                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6824                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                6824                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           77                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                  77                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        38059                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                  38060                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        38059                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                 38060                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        20086                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total               20119                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        20086                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                20119                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        20086                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total               20119                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     61778404                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  15819388809                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   15881167213                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     61778404                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  15819388809                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total    15881167213                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     61778404                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  15819388809                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total   15881167213                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        58068                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total             58102                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6824                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total            6824                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           77                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total              77                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        58145                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total              58179                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        58145                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total             58179                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.345905                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.346270                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.345447                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.345812                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.345447                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.345812                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1872072.848485                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 787582.834263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 789361.658780                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1872072.848485                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 787582.834263                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 789361.658780                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1872072.848485                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 787582.834263                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 789361.658780                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks               2711                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                    2711                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        20086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          20119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        20086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total           20119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        20086                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total          20119                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     58880638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  14055447561                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14114328199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     58880638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  14055447561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14114328199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     58880638                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  14055447561                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14114328199                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.345905                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346270                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.345447                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345812                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.345447                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345812                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1784261.757576                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 699763.395450                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 701542.233660                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1784261.757576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 699763.395450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 701542.233660                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1784261.757576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 699763.395450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 701542.233660                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                        32452                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.590127                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         167923                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                        34500                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                         4.867333                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          11.908367                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     3.540225                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1669.719095                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data         362.422439                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005815                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.001729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.815293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.176964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        40667                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                 40668                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8482                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                8482                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          105                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                 105                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        40772                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                  40773                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        40772                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                 40773                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        32371                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total               32409                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           33                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::total                33                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        32404                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                32442                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        32404                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total               32442                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     79116089                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  30088334721                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   30167450810                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     25128150                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     25128150                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     79116089                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  30113462871                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total    30192578960                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     79116089                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  30113462871                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total   30192578960                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        73038                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total             73077                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8482                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total            8482                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          138                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total             138                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        73176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total              73215                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        73176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total             73215                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.443208                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.443491                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.239130                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.239130                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.442823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.443106                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.442823                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.443106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2082002.342105                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 929484.251985                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 930835.595359                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 761459.090909                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 761459.090909                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2082002.342105                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 929313.136372                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 930663.305592                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2082002.342105                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 929313.136372                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 930663.305592                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks               4845                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                    4845                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        32371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          32409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           33                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        32404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total           32442                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        32404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total          32442                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     75779477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  27245480524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  27321260001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     22230270                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22230270                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     75779477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  27267710794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  27343490271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     75779477                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  27267710794                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  27343490271                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.443208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443491                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.239130                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.239130                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.442823                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.442823                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1994196.763158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 841663.233264                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 843014.594742                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 673644.545455                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 673644.545455                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1994196.763158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 841492.124244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 842842.311541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1994196.763158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 841492.124244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 842842.311541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                        20148                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.834495                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         161675                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                        22196                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                         7.283970                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.689596                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     2.120678                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1681.194830                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data         335.829392                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.001035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.820896                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.163979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        38035                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                 38036                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6831                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                6831                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           77                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                  77                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        38112                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                  38113                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        38112                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                 38113                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20113                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total               20147                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                20147                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20113                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total               20147                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     63194849                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  15766919504                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   15830114353                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     63194849                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  15766919504                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total    15830114353                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     63194849                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  15766919504                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total   15830114353                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        58148                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total             58183                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6831                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total            6831                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           77                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total              77                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        58225                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total              58260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        58225                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total             58260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.345893                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.346270                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.345436                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.345812                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.345436                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.345812                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1858672.029412                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 783916.845026                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 785730.597756                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1858672.029412                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 783916.845026                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 785730.597756                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1858672.029412                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 783916.845026                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 785730.597756                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks               2715                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                    2715                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          20147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total           20147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20113                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total          20147                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     60209218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  14000730857                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14060940075                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     60209218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  14000730857                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14060940075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     60209218                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  14000730857                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14060940075                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.345893                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346270                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.345436                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345812                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.345436                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345812                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1770859.352941                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 696103.557749                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 697917.311510                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1770859.352941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 696103.557749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 697917.311510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1770859.352941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 696103.557749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 697917.311510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              527.103216                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1012391601                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1913783.744802                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    37.103216                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.059460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.844717                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12383552                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12383552                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12383552                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       12383552                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12383552                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      12383552                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     89584956                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     89584956                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     89584956                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     89584956                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     89584956                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     89584956                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12383613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12383613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12383613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     12383613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12383613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     12383613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1468605.836066                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1468605.836066                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1468605.836066                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1468605.836066                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1468605.836066                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1468605.836066                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56745776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56745776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56745776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     56745776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56745776                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     56745776                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1455019.897436                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1455019.897436                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1455019.897436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1455019.897436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1455019.897436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1455019.897436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                73157                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              180702279                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                73413                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              2461.447959                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   234.178339                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    21.821661                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.914759                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.085241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      8579346                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8579346                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      7108476                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7108476                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        20367                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20367                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        16588                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16588                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15687822                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       15687822                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15687822                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      15687822                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       190356                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       190356                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1025                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1025                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       191381                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total       191381                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       191381                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total       191381                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  83934398159                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  83934398159                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    415208315                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    415208315                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  84349606474                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  84349606474                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  84349606474                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  84349606474                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      8769702                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8769702                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      7109501                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7109501                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        20367                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20367                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        16588                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16588                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     15879203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15879203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     15879203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15879203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.021706                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021706                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000144                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000144                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 440933.819575                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 440933.819575                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 405081.282927                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 405081.282927                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 440741.800252                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 440741.800252                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 440741.800252                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 440741.800252                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       312195                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 156097.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8477                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            8477                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       117338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       117338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          886                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          886                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       118224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       118224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       118224                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       118224                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        73018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        73018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          139                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          139                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        73157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        73157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        73157                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        73157                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  33185273651                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33185273651                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     37514096                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37514096                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  33222787747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33222787747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  33222787747                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33222787747                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008326                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008326                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 454480.725999                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454480.725999                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 269885.582734                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 269885.582734                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 454129.990937                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454129.990937                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 454129.990937                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454129.990937                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              579.053884                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1037064745                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1778841.758148                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    38.012556                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   541.041328                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.060918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.867053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.927971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12123419                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12123419                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12123419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       12123419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12123419                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      12123419                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    108638602                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    108638602                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    108638602                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    108638602                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    108638602                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    108638602                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12123477                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12123477                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12123477                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     12123477                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12123477                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     12123477                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1873079.344828                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1873079.344828                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1873079.344828                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1873079.344828                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1873079.344828                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1873079.344828                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       566496                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       566496                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     77893457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     77893457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     77893457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     77893457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     77893457                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     77893457                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1947336.425000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1947336.425000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1947336.425000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1947336.425000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1947336.425000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1947336.425000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                82955                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              448697694                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                83211                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              5392.288207                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   111.912592                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   144.087408                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.437159                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.562841                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data     31753061                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      31753061                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data     17389602                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     17389602                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         8500                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8500                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         8482                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8482                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     49142663                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       49142663                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     49142663                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      49142663                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       304333                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       304333                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          285                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          285                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       304618                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       304618                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       304618                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       304618                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 149875064466                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 149875064466                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    265244246                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    265244246                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150140308712                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 150140308712                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150140308712                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 150140308712                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     32057394                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     32057394                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     17389887                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17389887                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         8500                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8500                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         8482                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8482                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     49447281                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     49447281                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     49447281                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     49447281                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009493                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009493                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000016                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006160                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006160                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006160                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006160                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 492470.630743                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 492470.630743                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 930681.564912                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 930681.564912                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 492880.620029                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 492880.620029                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 492880.620029                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 492880.620029                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14320                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total           14320                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       221457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       221457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          206                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          206                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       221663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       221663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       221663                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       221663                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        82876                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        82876                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        82955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        82955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        82955                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        82955                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  39527419483                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  39527419483                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     78457532                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     78457532                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  39605877015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  39605877015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  39605877015                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  39605877015                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002585                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002585                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 476946.516277                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 476946.516277                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 993133.316456                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 993133.316456                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 477438.093123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 477438.093123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 477438.093123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 477438.093123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              579.921989                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1037088854                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  584                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1775837.078767                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    38.880676                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   541.041313                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.062309                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.867053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.929362                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12147528                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12147528                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12147528                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       12147528                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12147528                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      12147528                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           62                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           62                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           62                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           62                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    111390911                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    111390911                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    111390911                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    111390911                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    111390911                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    111390911                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12147590                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12147590                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12147590                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     12147590                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12147590                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     12147590                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1796627.596774                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1796627.596774                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1796627.596774                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1796627.596774                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1796627.596774                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1796627.596774                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       314994                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       157497                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     83716808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     83716808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     83716808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     83716808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     83716808                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     83716808                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2041873.365854                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2041873.365854                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2041873.365854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2041873.365854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2041873.365854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2041873.365854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                83069                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              448774344                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                83325                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              5385.830711                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   111.911815                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   144.088185                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.437156                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.562844                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data     31804374                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      31804374                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data     17414917                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     17414917                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         8510                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8510                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         8494                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8494                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     49219291                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       49219291                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     49219291                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      49219291                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       304644                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       304644                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          320                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          320                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       304964                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       304964                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       304964                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       304964                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 148847916827                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 148847916827                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    297497969                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    297497969                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 149145414796                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 149145414796                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 149145414796                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 149145414796                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     32109018                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     32109018                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     17415237                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17415237                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         8510                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8510                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         8494                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8494                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     49524255                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     49524255                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     49524255                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     49524255                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 488596.252764                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 488596.252764                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 929681.153125                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 929681.153125                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 489059.084994                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 489059.084994                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 489059.084994                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 489059.084994                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1886800                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets      1886800                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14257                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total           14257                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       221651                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       221651                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          242                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          242                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       221893                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       221893                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       221893                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       221893                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        82993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        82993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        83071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        83071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        83071                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        83071                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  39268491666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  39268491666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     75487109                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     75487109                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  39343978775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  39343978775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  39343978775                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  39343978775                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002585                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002585                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001677                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001677                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001677                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001677                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 473154.261998                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 473154.261998                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 967783.448718                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 967783.448718                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 473618.696958                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 473618.696958                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 473618.696958                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 473618.696958                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              558.882518                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              926783345                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1649080.685053                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    33.751914                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   525.130603                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.054090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.841555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895645                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12964798                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12964798                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12964798                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       12964798                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12964798                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      12964798                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     89206618                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     89206618                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     89206618                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     89206618                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     89206618                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     89206618                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12964849                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12964849                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12964849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     12964849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12964849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     12964849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1749149.372549                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1749149.372549                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1749149.372549                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1749149.372549                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1749149.372549                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1749149.372549                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     63868796                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63868796                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     63868796                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     63868796                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     63868796                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     63868796                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1824822.742857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1824822.742857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1824822.742857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1824822.742857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1824822.742857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1824822.742857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                58151                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              224844283                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                58407                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              3849.611913                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   202.391996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    53.608004                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.790594                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.209406                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data     19066264                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      19066264                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      3658387                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3658387                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         8658                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8658                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         8587                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8587                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     22724651                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       22724651                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     22724651                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      22724651                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       205318                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       205318                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          361                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          361                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       205679                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       205679                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       205679                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       205679                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  91720546487                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  91720546487                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     31295979                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     31295979                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  91751842466                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  91751842466                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  91751842466                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  91751842466                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     19271582                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     19271582                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      3658748                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3658748                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         8658                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8658                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         8587                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8587                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     22930330                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     22930330                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     22930330                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     22930330                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.010654                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010654                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000099                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000099                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008970                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008970                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008970                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008970                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 446724.332436                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 446724.332436                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 86692.462604                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86692.462604                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 446092.418118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 446092.418118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 446092.418118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 446092.418118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6903                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            6903                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       147247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       147247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          281                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          281                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       147528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       147528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       147528                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       147528                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        58071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        58071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           80                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           80                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        58151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        58151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        58151                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        58151                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  18591475507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18591475507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      5209501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5209501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  18596685008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18596685008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  18596685008                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18596685008                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002536                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002536                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 320150.772451                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 320150.772451                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 65118.762500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65118.762500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 319799.917594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 319799.917594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 319799.917594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 319799.917594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              519.195788                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1008318122                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1939073.311538                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    37.195788                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.059609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.832045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12755676                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12755676                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12755676                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       12755676                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12755676                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      12755676                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     94213053                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     94213053                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     94213053                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     94213053                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     94213053                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     94213053                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12755725                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12755725                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12755725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     12755725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12755725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     12755725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1922715.367347                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1922715.367347                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1922715.367347                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1922715.367347                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1922715.367347                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1922715.367347                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     70073619                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     70073619                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     70073619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     70073619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     70073619                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     70073619                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1844042.605263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1844042.605263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1844042.605263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1844042.605263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1844042.605263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1844042.605263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                58803                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              172729452                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                59059                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              2924.693137                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   233.933922                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    22.066078                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.913804                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.086196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      8990497                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8990497                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      7607793                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7607793                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        18816                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18816                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        17512                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17512                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     16598290                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       16598290                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     16598290                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      16598290                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       201107                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       201107                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5948                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5948                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       207055                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       207055                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       207055                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       207055                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  85115556079                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  85115556079                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3784451938                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3784451938                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  88900008017                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  88900008017                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  88900008017                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  88900008017                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      9191604                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9191604                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      7613741                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7613741                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        18816                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18816                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        17512                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17512                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     16805345                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16805345                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     16805345                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16805345                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.021879                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021879                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000781                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000781                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012321                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012321                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012321                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012321                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 423235.173709                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 423235.173709                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 636256.210155                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 636256.210155                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 429354.558050                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 429354.558050                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 429354.558050                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 429354.558050                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     56672866                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets           101                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 561117.485149                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        20763                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total           20763                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       142471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       142471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         5781                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5781                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       148252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       148252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       148252                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       148252                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        58636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        58636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          167                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          167                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        58803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        58803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        58803                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        58803                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  20065225355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  20065225355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     15022410                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15022410                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  20080247765                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  20080247765                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  20080247765                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  20080247765                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006379                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006379                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003499                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003499                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003499                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003499                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 342199.763882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342199.763882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 89954.550898                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89954.550898                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 341483.389708                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 341483.389708                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 341483.389708                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 341483.389708                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              579.132062                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1037090045                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  584                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1775839.118151                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    38.843472                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   540.288590                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.062249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.865847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.928096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12148719                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12148719                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12148719                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       12148719                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12148719                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      12148719                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           64                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           64                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           64                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           64                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           64                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           64                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    112541708                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    112541708                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    112541708                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    112541708                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    112541708                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    112541708                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12148783                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12148783                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12148783                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     12148783                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12148783                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     12148783                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1758464.187500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1758464.187500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1758464.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1758464.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1758464.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1758464.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     85279157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     85279157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     85279157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     85279157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     85279157                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     85279157                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2079979.439024                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2079979.439024                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2079979.439024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2079979.439024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2079979.439024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2079979.439024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                83136                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              448796447                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                83392                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              5381.768599                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   111.913309                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   144.086691                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.437161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.562839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data     31817830                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      31817830                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data     17423546                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     17423546                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         8522                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8522                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         8500                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8500                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     49241376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       49241376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     49241376                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      49241376                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       305094                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       305094                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          318                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          318                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       305412                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       305412                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       305412                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       305412                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 149268841121                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 149268841121                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    268256985                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    268256985                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 149537098106                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 149537098106                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 149537098106                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 149537098106                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     32122924                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     32122924                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     17423864                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17423864                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         8522                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8522                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         8500                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8500                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     49546788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     49546788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     49546788                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     49546788                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009498                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009498                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006164                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006164                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006164                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006164                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 489255.249598                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 489255.249598                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 843575.424528                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 843575.424528                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 489624.173595                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 489624.173595                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 489624.173595                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 489624.173595                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14291                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total           14291                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       222037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       222037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          239                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          239                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       222276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       222276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       222276                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       222276                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        83057                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        83057                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        83136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        83136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        83136                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        83136                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  39263609911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  39263609911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     79089381                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     79089381                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  39342699292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  39342699292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  39342699292                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  39342699292                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 472730.894578                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 472730.894578                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1001131.405063                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1001131.405063                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 473233.007265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 473233.007265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 473233.007265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 473233.007265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              490.676144                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1011201407                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             2051118.472617                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    35.676144                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.057173                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.786340                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     13838887                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13838887                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     13838887                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       13838887                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     13838887                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      13838887                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    148941335                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    148941335                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    148941335                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    148941335                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    148941335                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    148941335                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     13838937                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13838937                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     13838937                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     13838937                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     13838937                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     13838937                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2978826.700000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2978826.700000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2978826.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2978826.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2978826.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2978826.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2072964                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       690988                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     96474490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     96474490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     96474490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     96474490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     96474490                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     96474490                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2538802.368421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2538802.368421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2538802.368421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2538802.368421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2538802.368421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2538802.368421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                40860                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              165648970                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                41116                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              4028.820167                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   233.329412                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    22.670588                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.911443                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.088557                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data     11042011                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      11042011                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      8202430                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8202430                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        21243                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        21243                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        19950                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        19950                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     19244441                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       19244441                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     19244441                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      19244441                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       105343                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       105343                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2458                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2458                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       107801                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       107801                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       107801                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       107801                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  23728864750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  23728864750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    157717045                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    157717045                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  23886581795                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  23886581795                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  23886581795                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  23886581795                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     11147354                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11147354                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      8204888                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8204888                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        21243                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        21243                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        19950                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        19950                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     19352242                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19352242                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     19352242                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19352242                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009450                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009450                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000300                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000300                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005570                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005570                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005570                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005570                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 225253.360451                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 225253.360451                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 64164.786412                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64164.786412                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 221580.335943                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 221580.335943                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 221580.335943                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 221580.335943                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           52                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           13                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9703                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            9703                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        64721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        64721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2220                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2220                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        66941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        66941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        66941                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        66941                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        40622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          238                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          238                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        40860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        40860                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40860                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   9887394886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9887394886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     17375118                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17375118                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   9904770004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9904770004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   9904770004                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9904770004                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003644                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003644                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 243400.002117                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 243400.002117                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 73004.697479                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73004.697479                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 242407.489085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 242407.489085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 242407.489085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 242407.489085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              519.234615                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1008327618                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1939091.573077                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    37.234615                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.059671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.832107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12765172                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12765172                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12765172                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       12765172                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12765172                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      12765172                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     86761105                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     86761105                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     86761105                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     86761105                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     86761105                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     86761105                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12765221                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12765221                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12765221                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     12765221                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12765221                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     12765221                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1770634.795918                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1770634.795918                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1770634.795918                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1770634.795918                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1770634.795918                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1770634.795918                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     64050338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64050338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     64050338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64050338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     64050338                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64050338                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1685535.210526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1685535.210526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1685535.210526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1685535.210526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1685535.210526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1685535.210526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                58842                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              172736941                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                59098                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              2922.889793                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   233.935957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    22.064043                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.913812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.086188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      8993572                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8993572                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      7612457                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7612457                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        18556                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18556                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        17522                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17522                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     16606029                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       16606029                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     16606029                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      16606029                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       200569                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       200569                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         5941                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5941                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       206510                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       206510                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       206510                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       206510                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  84133778624                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  84133778624                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3823066526                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3823066526                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  87956845150                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  87956845150                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  87956845150                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  87956845150                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      9194141                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9194141                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      7618398                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7618398                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        18556                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18556                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        17522                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17522                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     16812539                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16812539                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     16812539                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16812539                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.021815                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021815                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000780                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000780                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012283                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012283                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012283                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012283                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 419475.485364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 419475.485364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 643505.558997                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 643505.558997                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 425920.513050                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 425920.513050                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 425920.513050                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 425920.513050                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     53474695                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets           108                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 495136.064815                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        20804                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total           20804                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       141893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       141893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         5775                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5775                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       147668                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       147668                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       147668                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       147668                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        58676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        58676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          166                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          166                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        58842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        58842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        58842                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        58842                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  20008953000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  20008953000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     14115553                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14115553                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  20023068553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  20023068553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  20023068553                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  20023068553                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006382                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006382                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003500                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003500                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003500                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003500                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 341007.447679                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 341007.447679                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 85033.451807                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85033.451807                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 340285.315812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340285.315812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 340285.315812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340285.315812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              493.321265                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1011209795                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  495                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             2042848.070707                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    38.321265                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.061412                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.790579                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     13847275                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13847275                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     13847275                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       13847275                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     13847275                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      13847275                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    157019633                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    157019633                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    157019633                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    157019633                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    157019633                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    157019633                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     13847330                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13847330                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     13847330                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     13847330                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     13847330                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     13847330                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2854902.418182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2854902.418182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2854902.418182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2854902.418182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2854902.418182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2854902.418182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3384736                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 1128245.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    100983104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    100983104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    100983104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    100983104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    100983104                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    100983104                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2524577.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2524577.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2524577.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2524577.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2524577.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2524577.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                40888                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              165660478                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                41144                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              4026.358108                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   233.331241                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    22.668759                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.911450                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.088550                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data     11047049                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      11047049                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      8208893                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8208893                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        21236                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        21236                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        19964                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        19964                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     19255942                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       19255942                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     19255942                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      19255942                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       105347                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       105347                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2391                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2391                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       107738                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       107738                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       107738                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       107738                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  23521152066                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  23521152066                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    154215228                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    154215228                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  23675367294                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  23675367294                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  23675367294                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  23675367294                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     11152396                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11152396                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      8211284                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8211284                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        21236                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        21236                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        19964                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        19964                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     19363680                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19363680                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     19363680                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19363680                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009446                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009446                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000291                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000291                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 223273.107597                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 223273.107597                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 64498.213300                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64498.213300                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 219749.459745                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 219749.459745                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 219749.459745                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 219749.459745                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           32                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    10.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9717                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            9717                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        64694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        64694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2156                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2156                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        66850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        66850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        66850                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        66850                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        40653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          235                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          235                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        40888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        40888                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40888                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   9807465185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9807465185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     17107324                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17107324                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   9824572509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9824572509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   9824572509                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9824572509                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 241248.251913                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241248.251913                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 72797.123404                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72797.123404                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 240280.094624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240280.094624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 240280.094624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240280.094624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              559.427844                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              926737148                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1648998.483986                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    34.297207                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   525.130636                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.054963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.841556                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.896519                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12918601                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12918601                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12918601                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       12918601                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12918601                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      12918601                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    117840361                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    117840361                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    117840361                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    117840361                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    117840361                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    117840361                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12918653                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12918653                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12918653                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     12918653                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12918653                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     12918653                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2266160.788462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2266160.788462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2266160.788462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2266160.788462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2266160.788462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2266160.788462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       309853                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       309853                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     74801064                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     74801064                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     74801064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     74801064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     74801064                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     74801064                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2137173.257143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2137173.257143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2137173.257143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2137173.257143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2137173.257143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2137173.257143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                57905                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              224762069                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                58161                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              3864.480820                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   202.120846                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    53.879154                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.789535                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.210465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data     18997088                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      18997088                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      3645415                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3645415                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         8623                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8623                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         8556                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8556                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     22642503                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       22642503                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     22642503                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      22642503                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       204651                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       204651                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          349                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          349                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data       205000                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       205000                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data       205000                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       205000                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  93812289032                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  93812289032                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     30034801                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     30034801                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  93842323833                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  93842323833                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  93842323833                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  93842323833                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     19201739                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     19201739                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      3645764                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3645764                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         8623                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8623                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         8556                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8556                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     22847503                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     22847503                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     22847503                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     22847503                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.010658                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010658                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 458401.322407                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 458401.322407                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 86059.601719                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86059.601719                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 457767.433332                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 457767.433332                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 457767.433332                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 457767.433332                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6779                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            6779                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       146825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       146825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          270                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          270                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       147095                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       147095                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       147095                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       147095                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        57826                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        57826                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        57905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        57905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        57905                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        57905                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  18944536930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18944536930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      5139753                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5139753                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  18949676683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18949676683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  18949676683                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18949676683                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 327612.785425                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 327612.785425                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 65060.164557                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65060.164557                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 327254.583939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 327254.583939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 327254.583939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 327254.583939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              529.483851                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1012426740                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  531                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1906641.694915                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    39.483851                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.063275                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.848532                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12418691                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12418691                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12418691                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       12418691                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12418691                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      12418691                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           64                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           64                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           64                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           64                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           64                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           64                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     79115048                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     79115048                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     79115048                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     79115048                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     79115048                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     79115048                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12418755                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12418755                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12418755                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     12418755                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12418755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     12418755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1236172.625000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1236172.625000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1236172.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1236172.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1236172.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1236172.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     54018050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54018050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     54018050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     54018050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     54018050                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     54018050                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1317513.414634                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1317513.414634                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1317513.414634                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1317513.414634                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1317513.414634                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1317513.414634                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                73244                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              180738711                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                73500                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              2459.030082                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   234.153542                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    21.846458                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.914662                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.085338                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      8599901                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8599901                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      7124088                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7124088                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        20596                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20596                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        16624                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16624                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     15723989                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       15723989                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     15723989                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      15723989                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       190610                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       190610                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          963                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          963                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       191573                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       191573                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       191573                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       191573                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  82938645963                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  82938645963                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    317924234                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    317924234                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  83256570197                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  83256570197                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  83256570197                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  83256570197                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      8790511                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8790511                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      7125051                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7125051                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        20596                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20596                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        16624                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16624                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     15915562                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15915562                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     15915562                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15915562                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.021684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000135                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000135                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.012037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.012037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 435122.217948                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 435122.217948                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 330139.391485                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 330139.391485                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 434594.489813                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 434594.489813                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 434594.489813                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 434594.489813                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       354885                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 177442.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8492                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            8492                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       117504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       117504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          825                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          825                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       118329                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       118329                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       118329                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       118329                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        73106                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        73106                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          138                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          138                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        73244                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        73244                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        73244                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        73244                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  32810361660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  32810361660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     31723299                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31723299                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  32842084959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  32842084959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  32842084959                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  32842084959                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008316                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008316                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004602                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004602                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004602                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004602                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 448805.319126                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 448805.319126                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 229878.978261                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 229878.978261                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 448392.837079                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 448392.837079                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 448392.837079                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 448392.837079                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              492.491608                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1011204553                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             2046972.779352                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    37.491608                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.060083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.789249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     13842033                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13842033                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     13842033                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       13842033                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     13842033                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      13842033                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    159161834                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    159161834                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    159161834                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    159161834                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    159161834                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    159161834                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     13842088                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13842088                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     13842088                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     13842088                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     13842088                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     13842088                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2893851.527273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2893851.527273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2893851.527273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2893851.527273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2893851.527273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2893851.527273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3370962                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1123654                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    102924601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    102924601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    102924601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    102924601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    102924601                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    102924601                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2639092.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2639092.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2639092.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2639092.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2639092.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2639092.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                40902                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              165653437                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                41158                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              4024.817460                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   233.331281                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    22.668719                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.911450                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.088550                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data     11044350                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      11044350                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      8204344                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8204344                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        21453                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        21453                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        19954                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        19954                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     19248694                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       19248694                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     19248694                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      19248694                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       105432                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       105432                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2391                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2391                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       107823                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       107823                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       107823                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       107823                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  23639335814                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  23639335814                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    154279260                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    154279260                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  23793615074                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  23793615074                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  23793615074                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  23793615074                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     11149782                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11149782                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      8206735                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8206735                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        21453                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        21453                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        19954                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        19954                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     19356517                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19356517                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     19356517                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19356517                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009456                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009456                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000291                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000291                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005570                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005570                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005570                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005570                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 224214.050895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 224214.050895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 64524.993726                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64524.993726                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 220672.909064                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 220672.909064                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 220672.909064                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 220672.909064                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets            2                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9723                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            9723                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        64765                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        64765                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2156                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2156                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        66921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        66921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        66921                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        66921                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        40667                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40667                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          235                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          235                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        40902                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40902                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        40902                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40902                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   9869698199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9869698199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     17103934                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17103934                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   9886802133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9886802133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   9886802133                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9886802133                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 242695.507389                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 242695.507389                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 72782.697872                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72782.697872                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 241719.283482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241719.283482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 241719.283482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241719.283482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              517.067014                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1007704918                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1945376.289575                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    42.067014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.067415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     13441816                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13441816                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     13441816                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       13441816                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     13441816                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      13441816                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     89591692                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     89591692                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     89591692                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     89591692                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     89591692                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     89591692                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     13441874                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13441874                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     13441874                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     13441874                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     13441874                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     13441874                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1544684.344828                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1544684.344828                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1544684.344828                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1544684.344828                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1544684.344828                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1544684.344828                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       307666                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       307666                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     71819572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     71819572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     71819572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     71819572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     71819572                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     71819572                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1670222.604651                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1670222.604651                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1670222.604651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1670222.604651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1670222.604651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1670222.604651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                45100                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              167296113                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                45356                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              3688.511178                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   233.633044                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    22.366956                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.912629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.087371                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      9248730                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9248730                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      7785327                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7785327                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        20428                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20428                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        18745                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18745                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     17034057                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       17034057                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     17034057                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      17034057                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       144303                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       144303                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          994                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          994                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       145297                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       145297                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       145297                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       145297                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  49440108042                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  49440108042                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     83766870                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     83766870                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  49523874912                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  49523874912                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  49523874912                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  49523874912                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      9393033                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9393033                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      7786321                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7786321                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        20428                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20428                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        18745                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18745                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     17179354                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17179354                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     17179354                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17179354                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.015363                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015363                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008458                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008458                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008458                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008458                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 342613.168416                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 342613.168416                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 84272.505030                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84272.505030                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 340845.818647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 340845.818647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 340845.818647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 340845.818647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        10199                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total           10199                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        99371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        99371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          826                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          826                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       100197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       100197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       100197                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       100197                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        44932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        44932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          168                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          168                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        45100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        45100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        45100                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        45100                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  13221407290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13221407290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     10851170                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10851170                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  13232258460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13232258460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  13232258460                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13232258460                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 294253.700926                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 294253.700926                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 64590.297619                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64590.297619                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 293398.192018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 293398.192018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 293398.192018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 293398.192018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              559.081386                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              926790623                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  561                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1652033.196078                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    33.075284                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   526.006101                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.053005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.842958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12972076                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12972076                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12972076                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       12972076                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12972076                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      12972076                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     84942735                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     84942735                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     84942735                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     84942735                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     84942735                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     84942735                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12972127                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12972127                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12972127                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     12972127                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12972127                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     12972127                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1665543.823529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1665543.823529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1665543.823529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1665543.823529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1665543.823529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1665543.823529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     62135908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     62135908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     62135908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     62135908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     62135908                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     62135908                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1827526.705882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1827526.705882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1827526.705882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1827526.705882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1827526.705882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1827526.705882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                58145                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              224855892                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                58401                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              3850.206195                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   201.866248                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    54.133752                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.788540                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.211460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data     19075662                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      19075662                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      3660582                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3660582                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         8669                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8669                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         8592                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8592                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     22736244                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       22736244                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     22736244                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      22736244                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       205150                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       205150                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          337                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          337                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       205487                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       205487                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       205487                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       205487                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  91125057877                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  91125057877                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     29010639                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     29010639                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  91154068516                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  91154068516                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  91154068516                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  91154068516                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     19280812                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     19280812                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      3660919                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3660919                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         8669                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8669                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         8592                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8592                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     22941731                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     22941731                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     22941731                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     22941731                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.010640                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010640                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008957                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008957                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008957                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008957                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 444187.462233                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 444187.462233                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 86084.982196                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86084.982196                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 443600.171865                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 443600.171865                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 443600.171865                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 443600.171865                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6824                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            6824                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       147082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       147082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          260                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          260                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       147342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       147342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       147342                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       147342                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        58068                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        58068                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           77                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           77                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        58145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        58145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        58145                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        58145                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  18476764489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18476764489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      4998207                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4998207                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  18481762696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18481762696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  18481762696                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18481762696                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 318191.852466                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 318191.852466                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 64911.779221                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64911.779221                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 317856.439866                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 317856.439866                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 317856.439866                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 317856.439866                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              528.171783                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1012405605                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1913810.217391                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    38.171783                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.061173                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.846429                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12397556                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12397556                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12397556                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       12397556                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12397556                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      12397556                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    127686297                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    127686297                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    127686297                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    127686297                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    127686297                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    127686297                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12397617                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12397617                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12397617                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     12397617                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12397617                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     12397617                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2093217.983607                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2093217.983607                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2093217.983607                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2093217.983607                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2093217.983607                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2093217.983607                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     79502117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     79502117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     79502117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     79502117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     79502117                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     79502117                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2038515.820513                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2038515.820513                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2038515.820513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2038515.820513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2038515.820513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2038515.820513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                73176                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              180726573                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                73432                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              2461.141914                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   234.181359                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    21.818641                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.914771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.085229                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      8594179                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8594179                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      7117801                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7117801                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        20484                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20484                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        16607                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16607                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     15711980                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       15711980                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     15711980                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      15711980                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       190140                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       190140                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          961                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          961                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       191101                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       191101                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       191101                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       191101                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  82999148452                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  82999148452                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    348663882                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    348663882                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  83347812334                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  83347812334                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  83347812334                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  83347812334                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      8784319                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8784319                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      7118762                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7118762                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        20484                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20484                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        16607                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16607                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     15903081                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15903081                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     15903081                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15903081                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.021645                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021645                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000135                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000135                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012017                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012017                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012017                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012017                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 436515.980078                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 436515.980078                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 362813.612903                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 362813.612903                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 436145.348973                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 436145.348973                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 436145.348973                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 436145.348973                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       541104                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       541104                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8482                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            8482                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       117102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       117102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          823                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          823                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       117925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       117925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       117925                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       117925                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        73038                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        73038                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          138                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          138                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        73176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        73176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        73176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        73176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  33027933580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33027933580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     32177081                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32177081                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  33060110661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33060110661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  33060110661                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33060110661                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008315                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008315                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 452202.053452                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 452202.053452                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 233167.253623                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 233167.253623                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 451788.983560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 451788.983560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 451788.983560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 451788.983560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              559.389171                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              926800288                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1649110.832740                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    34.297508                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   525.091663                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.054964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.841493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.896457                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12981741                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12981741                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12981741                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       12981741                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12981741                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      12981741                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     84817127                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     84817127                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     84817127                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     84817127                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     84817127                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     84817127                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12981790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12981790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12981790                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     12981790                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12981790                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     12981790                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1730961.775510                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1730961.775510                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1730961.775510                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1730961.775510                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1730961.775510                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1730961.775510                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     63560700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63560700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     63560700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     63560700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     63560700                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     63560700                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1816020                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1816020                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1816020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1816020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1816020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1816020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                58225                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              224877826                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                58481                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              3845.314307                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   202.137588                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    53.862412                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.789600                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.210400                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data     19094181                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      19094181                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      3663987                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3663987                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         8672                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8672                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         8599                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8599                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     22758168                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       22758168                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     22758168                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      22758168                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       205442                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       205442                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          337                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          337                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       205779                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       205779                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       205779                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       205779                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  90577701650                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  90577701650                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     28959051                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     28959051                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  90606660701                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  90606660701                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  90606660701                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  90606660701                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     19299623                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     19299623                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      3664324                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3664324                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         8672                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8672                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         8599                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8599                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     22963947                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     22963947                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     22963947                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     22963947                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.010645                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010645                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008961                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008961                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008961                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008961                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 440891.841250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 440891.841250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 85931.902077                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85931.902077                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 440310.530720                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 440310.530720                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 440310.530720                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 440310.530720                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6831                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            6831                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       147294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       147294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          260                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          260                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       147554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       147554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       147554                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       147554                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        58148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        58148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           77                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           77                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        58225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        58225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        58225                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        58225                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  18427686601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18427686601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      4996371                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4996371                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  18432682972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18432682972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  18432682972                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18432682972                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 316910.067431                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316910.067431                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 64887.935065                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64887.935065                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 316576.779253                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316576.779253                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 316576.779253                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316576.779253                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
