
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.108767                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                108767468169                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               621376671057                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 301465                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   383307                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                1942386                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67752904                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 55996.82                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 16881072306                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   21463974133                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         5760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      4293376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      2274688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      1481216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      1479680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      2283392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      2275712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      4304768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      1483264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      2282496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      1077120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      4310528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      3676416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      2269952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      1482624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      3670656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      2283008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             41009152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         5760                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           80256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     10947200                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          10947200                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        33542                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        17771                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        11572                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        11560                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        17839                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        17779                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        33631                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        11588                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        17832                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         8415                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        33676                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        28722                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        17734                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        11583                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        28677                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        17836                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                320384                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           85525                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                85525                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        52957                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     39472979                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        41189                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     20913312                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        49427                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     13618190                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        49427                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     13604068                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        42366                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     20993336                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        41189                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     20922727                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        47073                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     39577716                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        48250                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     13637019                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        43542                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     20985098                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        43542                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data      9902961                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        48250                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     39630673                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        47073                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     33800695                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        42366                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     20869770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        49427                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     13631135                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        48250                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     33747738                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        43542                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     20989805                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               377035089                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        52957                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        41189                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        49427                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        49427                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        42366                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        41189                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        47073                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        48250                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        43542                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        43542                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        48250                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        47073                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        42366                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        49427                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        48250                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        43542                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             737868                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         100647741                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              100647741                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         100647741                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        52957                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     39472979                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        41189                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     20913312                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        49427                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     13618190                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        49427                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     13604068                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        42366                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     20993336                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        41189                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     20922727                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        47073                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     39577716                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        48250                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     13637019                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        43542                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     20985098                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        43542                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data      9902961                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        48250                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     39630673                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        47073                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     33800695                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        42366                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     20869770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        49427                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     13631135                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        48250                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     33747738                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        43542                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     20989805                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              477682830                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              260833258                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       17569212                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15853613                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       924704                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6621864                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6295278                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         971718                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        41114                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    186572202                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            110394567                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          17569212                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      7266996                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            21844787                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       2901527                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles     26049875                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           11                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        10705740                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       928125                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    236420507                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.547782                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.847383                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      214575720     90.76%     90.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         780962      0.33%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        1593974      0.67%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         680089      0.29%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        3630383      1.54%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        3242677      1.37%     94.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         632542      0.27%     95.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7        1305703      0.55%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        9978457      4.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    236420507                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.067358                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.423238                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      184661274                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles     27972638                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        21764033                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        69409                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      1953147                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      1541338                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          485                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    129444063                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         2708                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      1953147                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      184906000                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles      25996300                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      1132997                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        21616381                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       815676                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    129372458                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          581                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents       415919                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       266339                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents        12606                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    151892408                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    609297250                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    609297250                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    134722849                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       17169548                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        15408                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7974                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         1881144                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     30539043                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores     15443296                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads       140566                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       747211                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        129127101                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15452                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       124152900                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        71157                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      9945477                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     23782423                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          472                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    236420507                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525136                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.315665                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    191816346     81.13%     81.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13636824      5.77%     86.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11027325      4.66%     91.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4746913      2.01%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5935996      2.51%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5637750      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3205859      1.36%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       255153      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       158341      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    236420507                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        312670     11.29%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2387722     86.19%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        69804      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     77884935     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1082122      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7432      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     29773404     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15405007     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    124152900                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.475986                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2770196                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022313                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    487567660                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    139091242                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    123094419                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    126923096                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       224452                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1191006                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          473                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3216                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        97959                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        10954                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      1953147                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles      25363240                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles       240673                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    129142638                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1253                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     30539043                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15443296                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7973                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents       149070                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          129                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3216                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       541650                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       541889                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      1083539                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    123288745                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     29677522                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       864155                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  85                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           45080730                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       16156073                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores         15403208                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.472673                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            123097599                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           123094419                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        66503712                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       131269407                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.471928                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.506620                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000001                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    117516369                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11640332                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14980                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       945086                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234467360                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501206                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319669                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191684214     81.75%     81.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15744483      6.71%     88.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7338228      3.13%     91.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7211727      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1991395      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8256707      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       627531      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       458652      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1154423      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234467360                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    117516369                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             44693366                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            29348034                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              7478                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         15518719                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts       104500046                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      1138202                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      1154423                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          362469339                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         260266742                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               4011403                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              24412751                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           117516369                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.608333                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.608333                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.383387                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.383387                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      609526678                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     142952896                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     154148699                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        14958                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              260833258                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       17878397                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15966338                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1424525                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     11982935                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11681312                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1073543                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        43165                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    189000600                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            101535967                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          17878397                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches     12754855                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            22645875                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       4670298                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      7657266                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.MiscStallCycles            5                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           13                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        11434969                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1398132                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    222541529                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511171                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.746609                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      199895654     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1        3454295      1.55%     91.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        1741233      0.78%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3        3420173      1.54%     93.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        1095588      0.49%     94.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        3165955      1.42%     95.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         499246      0.22%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         803245      0.36%     96.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        8466140      3.80%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    222541529                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.068543                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.389275                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      187150077                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      9551264                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        22601204                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        17925                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      3221055                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      1685843                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred        16716                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    113575728                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts        31707                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      3221055                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      187360032                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       6285716                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      2604318                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        22395019                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       675385                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    113408343                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          213                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        87754                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       520577                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    148630089                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    513974887                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    513974887                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    120583974                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       28046084                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        15243                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7720                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         1544418                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     20466890                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      3320746                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20570                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       751699                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        112825629                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15295                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       105675499                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        68185                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20319086                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41583126                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          127                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    222541529                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.474857                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088221                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176199729     79.18%     79.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14583284      6.55%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15543191      6.98%     92.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8975786      4.03%     96.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4640569      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1162853      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1377489      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        32024      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        26604      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    222541529                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        176696     57.12%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        72954     23.58%     80.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        59716     19.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     82860998     78.41%     78.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       828253      0.78%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7521      0.01%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     18686397     17.68%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3292330      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    105675499                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.405146                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            309366                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002928                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    434270077                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    133160276                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    102997324                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    105984865                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        82769                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4169282                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           95                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          275                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        76275                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      3221055                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       5502001                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        81885                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    112841011                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        14954                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     20466890                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3320746                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7718                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        38145                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2169                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          275                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       963390                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       545848                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      1509238                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    104339086                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     18418412                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1336412                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  87                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           21710580                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       15862756                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          3292168                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.400022                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            103020860                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           102997324                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        62328298                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       135715231                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.394878                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.459258                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     82056292                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     92380060                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20465559                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15168                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      1415599                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    219320474                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421210                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288681                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    184927638     84.32%     84.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13512958      6.16%     90.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8677703      3.96%     94.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2736000      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4533509      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       886140      0.40%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       560169      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       512910      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2973447      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    219320474                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     82056292                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     92380060                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             19542076                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            16297605                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              7568                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         14173656                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        80732533                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      1155110                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      2973447                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          329192347                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         228914855                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               4220976                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              38291729                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          82056292                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            92380060                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     82056292                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     3.178711                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               3.178711                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.314593                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.314593                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      485010037                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     134200917                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     120640280                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        15154                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              260833256                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       20207482                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16533681                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1971139                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8309765                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7950276                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2087444                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89697                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    194546153                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            113030558                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          20207482                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches     10037720                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            23581999                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       5382564                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles     10584717                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        11900378                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1972996                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    232098622                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598023                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933482                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      208516623     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1        1093531      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        1740044      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3        2363747      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        2432263      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        2058289      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6        1159971      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7        1718213      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8       11015941      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    232098622                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.077473                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.433344                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      192545440                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles     12602470                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        23538607                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        26718                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      3385384                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      3327046                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          372                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    138693344                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1926                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      3385384                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      193070948                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles       1765880                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      9610472                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        23045814                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles      1220121                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    138647142                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          176                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents       179861                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       524078                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    193446774                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    645024893                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    645024893                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    167740885                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       25705889                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        34389                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17899                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         3602818                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     12971542                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      7033964                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        82775                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores      1679000                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        138492003                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34511                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       131517445                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18043                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15321265                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36685614                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1257                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    232098622                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566645                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259528                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176453843     76.03%     76.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22884882      9.86%     85.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11575096      4.99%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8744664      3.77%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6879643      2.96%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2787957      1.20%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1739392      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       911490      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       121655      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    232098622                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25285     11.61%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        80327     36.89%     48.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       112163     51.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    110611505     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1965613      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16487      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11911781      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7012059      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    131517445                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.504220                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            217775                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001656                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    495369330                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    153848313                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    129557062                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    131735220                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       267635                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2074711                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           91                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          536                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       101843                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      3385384                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles       1471494                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles       118651                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    138526653                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7039                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12971542                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7033964                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17902                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        99949                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          536                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1145682                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1109365                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      2255047                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    129713468                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11207792                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1803977                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                 139                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           18219582                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       18428496                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          7011790                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.497304                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            129557271                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           129557062                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        74364885                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       200408230                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.496705                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.371067                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     97781933                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    120319118                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18207552                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33254                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      1996079                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228713238                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526070                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373281                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179349664     78.42%     78.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24469901     10.70%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9239983      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4408247      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3716648      1.63%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2129923      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1860216      0.81%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       842241      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2696415      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228713238                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     97781933                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    120319118                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             17828952                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            10896831                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars             16590                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         17350103                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts       108406107                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      2477589                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      2696415                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          364542817                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         280438778                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               2946031                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              28734634                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          97781933                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           120319118                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     97781933                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.667499                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.667499                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.374883                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.374883                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      583806489                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     180463457                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     128575373                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        33224                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              260833258                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       20191869                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16520681                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1969612                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8317021                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7947331                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2085519                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89781                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    194410481                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            112946596                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          20191869                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches     10032850                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            23568480                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       5377599                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles     10552744                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.MiscStallCycles          709                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        11892101                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1971545                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    231914760                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598038                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933445                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      208346280     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1        1094480      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        1742741      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3        2362798      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        2429218      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        2057396      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6        1159047      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7        1715165      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8       11007635      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    231914760                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.077413                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.433022                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      192411798                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles     12569123                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        23524836                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        27038                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      3381962                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      3324555                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          375                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    138586731                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1957                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      3381962                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      192938485                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       1750460                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      9594340                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        23031382                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles      1218128                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    138538697                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          180                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents       179291                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       523485                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    193293059                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    644524162                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    644524162                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    167607733                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       25685321                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        34334                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17856                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         3599454                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     12960935                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      7028329                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        82547                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores      1678073                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        138378436                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34460                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       131404043                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17993                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15306810                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36670382                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1229                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231914760                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566605                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259395                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176311493     76.02%     76.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22869407      9.86%     85.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11569267      4.99%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8738519      3.77%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6871923      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2784936      1.20%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1737358      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       910831      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       121026      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231914760                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25381     11.66%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        80291     36.88%     48.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       112017     51.46%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    110515805     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1964126      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16474      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11900979      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7006659      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    131404043                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.503786                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            217689                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001657                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    494958528                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    153720241                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    129448275                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    131621732                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       266922                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2072757                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           96                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          537                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       101706                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      3381962                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles       1456970                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles       118541                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    138413035                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        20212                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12960935                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7028329                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17860                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        99878                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          537                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1145418                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1107788                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      2253206                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    129604697                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11199556                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1799346                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                 139                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           18205947                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       18413618                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          7006391                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.496887                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            129448495                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           129448275                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        74301629                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       200232181                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.496287                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.371077                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     97704288                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    120223517                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18189504                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33231                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      1994532                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228532797                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526067                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373233                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179205824     78.42%     78.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24453052     10.70%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9232714      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4405264      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3713224      1.62%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2128840      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1858401      0.81%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       842081      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2693397      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228532797                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     97704288                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    120223517                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             17814801                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            10888178                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars             16578                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         17336275                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts       108320008                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      2475618                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      2693397                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          364251745                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         280208086                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               2943554                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              28918498                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          97704288                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           120223517                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     97704288                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.669619                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.669619                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.374585                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.374585                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      583320300                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     180308899                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     128479804                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        33202                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 48                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              260833258                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       19188190                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15736697                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1879929                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7886416                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7491318                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1968695                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        83808                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    183247120                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            109102801                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          19188190                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      9460013                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            23994828                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       5345318                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles     17177981                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        11289659                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1869117                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    227852935                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585427                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.922584                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      203858107     89.47%     89.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1        2601340      1.14%     90.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        3010814      1.32%     91.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3        1653313      0.73%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        1899538      0.83%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        1045839      0.46%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         717896      0.32%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7        1855112      0.81%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       11210976      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    227852935                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.073565                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.418286                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      181746403                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles     18707002                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        23794218                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles       189910                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      3415399                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      3113166                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred        17609                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    133174398                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts        87549                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      3415399                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      182037874                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles       5841660                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles     12049469                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        23701090                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       807440                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    133094366                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          208                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents       204813                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       374686                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents           63                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    184965478                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    619687652                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    619687652                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    157945350                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       27020054                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        34888                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19476                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         2167465                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     12705039                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      6920669                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads       182816                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores      1536202                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        132881652                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34944                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       125575149                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       175398                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16598115                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38422408                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3924                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    227852935                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551124                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243834                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    174938511     76.78%     76.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21287170      9.34%     86.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11432056      5.02%     91.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7914644      3.47%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6920548      3.04%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3537248      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       859458      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       551645      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       411655      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    227852935                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         32334     11.99%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead       115344     42.78%     54.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       121912     45.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    105109904     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1964403      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15380      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11614599      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6870863      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    125575149                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.481438                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            269590                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002147                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    479448221                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    149515905                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    123487950                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    125844739                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       316609                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2239368                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          754                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1196                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       149031                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7692                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         3120                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      3415399                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles       5396694                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles       136225                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    132916711                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        63775                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12705039                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6920669                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19449                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        95367                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1196                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1090506                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1054686                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      2145192                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    123724348                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10907537                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1850801                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                 115                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           17776724                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       17309422                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          6869187                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.474343                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            123489794                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           123487950                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        73394228                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       192230821                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.473436                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.381803                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     92750891                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    113793094                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19124788                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31019                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      1890835                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    224437536                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507015                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323471                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    177949377     79.29%     79.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21557287      9.61%     88.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9035200      4.03%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5430719      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3756969      1.67%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2429578      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1258505      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1012754      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2007147      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    224437536                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     92750891                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    113793094                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             17237285                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            10465656                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars             15476                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         16285371                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts       102589328                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      2315080                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      2007147                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          355347647                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         269251304                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               2806496                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              32980323                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          92750891                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           113793094                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     92750891                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.812191                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.812191                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.355595                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.355595                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      558108746                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     171389645                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     124295243                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        30990                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              260833258                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       17919038                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16002449                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1427178                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12010197                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11706745                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1075635                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        43186                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    189410303                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            101764915                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          17919038                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches     12782380                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            22697027                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       4678814                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      7603890                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        11459227                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1400625                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    222954840                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511380                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.746964                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      200257813     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        3462531      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        1745598      0.78%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        3427351      1.54%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        1098106      0.49%     94.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        3172061      1.42%     95.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         500150      0.22%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         804658      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        8486572      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    222954840                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.068699                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.390153                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      187557175                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      9500472                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        22651992                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        18336                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      3226861                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      1689741                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred        16759                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    113833644                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts        31734                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      3226861                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      187767289                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles       6209291                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      2627804                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        22445678                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       677913                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    113665709                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          227                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        88871                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       521699                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    148968558                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    515142269                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    515142269                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    120872433                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       28096109                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        15265                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7726                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         1550036                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     20511449                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      3328875                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20796                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       755573                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        113081165                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15321                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       105915028                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        67883                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20355743                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41659608                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          116                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    222954840                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475051                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088381                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176505936     79.17%     79.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14618772      6.56%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15578640      6.99%     92.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8996479      4.04%     96.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4651033      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1163613      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1381743      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        32108      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        26516      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    222954840                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        176862     57.09%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        73124     23.60%     80.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        59829     19.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     83051464     78.41%     78.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       830255      0.78%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7540      0.01%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     18725259     17.68%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3300510      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    105915028                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.406064                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            309815                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002925                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    435162594                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    133452502                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    103234193                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    106224843                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        83699                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4177610                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          110                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          283                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        76068                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      3226861                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles       5423878                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        82092                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    113096562                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        15000                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     20511449                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3328875                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7725                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        38302                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2168                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          283                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       965046                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       547203                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      1512249                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    104577670                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     18458656                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1337358                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  76                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           21758998                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       15899983                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          3300342                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.400937                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            103258006                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           103234193                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        62473445                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       136031897                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.395786                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.459256                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     82248617                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     92599138                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20502055                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15205                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      1418222                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    219727979                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421426                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288940                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    185251829     84.31%     84.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13546061      6.16%     90.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8699089      3.96%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2743381      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4543547      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       888184      0.40%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       561637      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       514182      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2980069      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    219727979                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     82248617                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     92599138                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             19586641                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            16333834                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              7586                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         14207038                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        80924760                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      1158093                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      2980069                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          329848804                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         229431813                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               4229334                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              37878418                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          82248617                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            92599138                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     82248617                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     3.171278                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               3.171278                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.315330                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.315330                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      486118123                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     134510899                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     120912751                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        15192                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              260833258                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       17582530                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15865727                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       922175                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6577876                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6303779                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         968301                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        40922                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    186583279                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            110460711                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          17582530                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      7272080                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            21862561                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       2903789                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles     26045087                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        10704384                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       925636                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    236449425                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548148                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.848111                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      214586864     90.75%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         780587      0.33%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        1603851      0.68%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         683397      0.29%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        3632506      1.54%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        3231564      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         629222      0.27%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7        1303876      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        9997558      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    236449425                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.067409                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.423492                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      184694694                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles     27945187                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        21781627                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        69914                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      1957997                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      1542617                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          502                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    129548001                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         2818                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      1957997                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      184938668                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles      25966143                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      1150704                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        21635966                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       799941                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    129472373                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          679                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents       405754                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       264453                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents         9427                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    151961756                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    609732031                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    609732031                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    134806582                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       17155169                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        15438                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8000                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         1858746                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     30563124                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores     15463336                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads       142025                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       748982                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        129225486                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15483                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       124248811                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        80233                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      9988449                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     23900512                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          491                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    236449425                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525477                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316213                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    191837025     81.13%     81.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13621359      5.76%     86.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11016590      4.66%     91.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4760328      2.01%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5951980      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5640093      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3207621      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       256255      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       158174      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    236449425                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        312885     11.29%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2388862     86.19%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        69796      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     77932457     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1083754      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7437      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     29810690     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15414473     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    124248811                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.476353                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2771543                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022306                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    487798823                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    139232616                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    123178187                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    127020354                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       224411                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1197811                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          468                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3203                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       108922                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        10965                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      1957997                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles      25351434                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles       237365                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    129241057                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1307                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     30563124                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15463336                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7998                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents       147266                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          143                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3203                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       540533                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       541380                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      1081913                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    123385110                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     29704807                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       863701                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  88                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           45117573                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       16164003                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores         15412766                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.473042                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            123181454                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           123178187                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        66529962                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       131283955                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.472249                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.506764                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100061159                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    117588295                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11667032                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14992                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       942485                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234491428                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501461                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319989                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191690474     81.75%     81.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15744102      6.71%     88.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7339737      3.13%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7217107      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1994567      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8264999      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       627401      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       458599      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1154442      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234491428                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts    100061159                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    117588295                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             44719726                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            29365312                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              7484                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         15528205                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts       104564064                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      1138920                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      1154442                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          362592014                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         260468825                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               4008902                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              24383833                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts         100061159                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           117588295                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total    100061159                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.606738                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.606738                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.383621                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.383621                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      609957503                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     143031068                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     154238434                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        14970                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              260833258                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       20219206                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16542044                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1970627                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8324901                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7957223                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2089944                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89918                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    194648767                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            113097195                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          20219206                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches     10047167                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            23598885                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       5378902                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles     10467252                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.MiscStallCycles          673                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        11906269                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1972349                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    232098163                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598365                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933905                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      208499278     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1        1094673      0.47%     90.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        1742360      0.75%     91.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3        2368190      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        2432366      1.05%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        2061616      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6        1160880      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7        1717720      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       11021080      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    232098163                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.077518                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.433600                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      192646242                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles     12487557                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        23555515                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        26642                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      3382204                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      3330007                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          372                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    138771889                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1948                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      3382204                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      193171279                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles       1752139                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      9510231                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        23063318                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles      1218989                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    138725937                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          163                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents       179752                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       523821                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    193560952                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    645389120                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    645389120                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    167870392                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       25690557                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        34373                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17871                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         3598217                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     12976543                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      7039633                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        83004                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores      1673889                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        138569417                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34497                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       131605437                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18057                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15300092                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36630041                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1215                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    232098163                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567025                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259857                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176414607     76.01%     76.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22900817      9.87%     85.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11584900      4.99%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8751457      3.77%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6881744      2.97%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2791004      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1739430      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       911759      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       122445      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    232098163                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25441     11.65%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        80416     36.83%     48.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       112472     51.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    110684564     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1966846      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16500      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11919771      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7017756      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    131605437                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.504558                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            218329                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001659                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    495545423                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    153904548                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    129646583                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    131823766                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       268101                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2071285                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          105                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          545                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       102142                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      3382204                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles       1457004                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles       119080                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    138604052                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7697                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12976543                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7039633                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17873                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents       100413                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          545                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1145657                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1108379                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      2254036                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    129803154                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11217281                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1802283                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                 138                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           18234770                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       18443332                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          7017489                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.497648                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            129646802                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           129646583                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        74417890                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       200527873                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.497048                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.371110                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     97857463                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    120412015                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18192051                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33282                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      1995589                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228715959                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526470                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373663                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179312025     78.40%     78.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24489332     10.71%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9247012      4.04%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4415578      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3718493      1.63%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2131893      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1860856      0.81%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       842808      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2697962      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228715959                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     97857463                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    120412015                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             17842747                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            10905256                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars             16604                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         17363454                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts       108489851                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      2479500                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      2697962                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          364621387                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         280590389                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               2946866                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              28735095                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          97857463                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           120412015                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     97857463                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.665441                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.665441                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.375172                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.375172                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      584209207                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     180586814                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     128655122                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        33252                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 48                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              260833258                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       19175128                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15724504                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1877776                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7870185                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7482537                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1966622                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        84040                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    183042798                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            109039482                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          19175128                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      9449159                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            23977013                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       5347521                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles     17417278                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        11279271                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1867216                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    227874282                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585063                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.922162                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      203897269     89.48%     89.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1        2598730      1.14%     90.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        3007565      1.32%     91.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3        1650808      0.72%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        1895443      0.83%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        1044186      0.46%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         715395      0.31%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7        1859702      0.82%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       11205184      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    227874282                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.073515                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.418043                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      181548813                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles     18939545                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        23777930                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles       188352                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      3419639                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      3112633                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred        17555                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    133105657                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts        87440                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      3419639                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      181838393                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles       5824290                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles     12303544                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        23684873                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       803540                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    133025103                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          192                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents       204778                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       372056                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents           32                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    184861459                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    619367853                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    619367853                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    157750655                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       27110799                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        34894                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19501                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         2156196                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     12701564                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      6916303                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads       180425                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores      1535129                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        132808971                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34962                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       125471961                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       176395                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16671305                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38580713                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3979                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    227874282                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.550619                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243457                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    175014145     76.80%     76.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21256480      9.33%     86.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11417945      5.01%     91.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7915404      3.47%     94.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6913281      3.03%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3536450      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       857386      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       551839      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       411352      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    227874282                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         32524     11.95%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead       117610     43.23%     55.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       121946     44.82%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    105023307     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1963686      1.57%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15362      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11602053      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6867553      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    125471961                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.481043                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            272080                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002168                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    479266679                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    149516427                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    123381040                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    125744041                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       314948                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2248811                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          738                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1192                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       152984                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7684                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         3296                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      3419639                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles       5374994                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles       136008                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    132844045                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        64674                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12701564                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6916303                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19485                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        95193                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            3                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1192                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1088570                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1055947                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      2144517                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    123617604                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10893871                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1854357                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                 112                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           17759895                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       17294052                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          6866024                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.473933                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            123382872                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           123381040                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        73336838                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       192102671                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.473026                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.381759                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     92636540                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    113652791                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19192373                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        30983                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      1888733                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    224454643                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506351                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.322795                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    178023021     79.31%     79.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21534522      9.59%     88.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9024160      4.02%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5420520      2.41%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3752452      1.67%     97.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2423789      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1258768      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1012260      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2005151      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    224454643                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     92636540                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    113652791                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             17216069                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            10452750                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars             15458                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         16265265                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts       102462862                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      2312228                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      2005151                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          355294032                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         269110037                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               2804739                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              32958976                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          92636540                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           113652791                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     92636540                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.815663                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.815663                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.355156                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.355156                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      557603143                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     171237513                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     124217834                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        30954                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 55                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              260833258                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       22613549                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18830182                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2053052                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8633982                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8275677                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2432940                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        95214                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    196733754                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            124044562                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          22613549                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches     10708617                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            25856676                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       5715747                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles     18063709                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.MiscStallCycles         4080                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           93                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        12215218                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1962644                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    244302386                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624019                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.986621                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      218445710     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1        1584501      0.65%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        2003368      0.82%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3        3181191      1.30%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        1332178      0.55%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        1714196      0.70%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6        2000479      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         914255      0.37%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8       13126508      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    244302386                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.086697                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.475570                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      195579208                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles     19333916                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        25733882                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        11851                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      3643521                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      3440095                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          553                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    151629219                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         2640                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      3643521                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      195777096                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        631030                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles     18150504                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        25547891                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       552337                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    150696107                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          130                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        79124                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       385861                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    210484157                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    700793989                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    700793989                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    176196011                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       34288134                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        36421                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18947                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         1939612                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     14108378                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      7379483                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        82853                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores      1673033                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        147137875                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36556                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       141178992                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       140585                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17803922                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36231656                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1308                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    244302386                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577886                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301991                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    184477586     75.51%     75.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27288276     11.17%     86.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11154497      4.57%     91.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6255059      2.56%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8467481      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2607910      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2562672      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1380201      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       108704      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    244302386                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        973070     79.04%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead       132166     10.74%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       125827     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    118939434     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1930102      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17473      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12935163      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7356820      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    141178992                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.541261                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1231063                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008720                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    528032015                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    164979028                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    137510750                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    142410055                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       104405                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2656889                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           41                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          678                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       102560                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            4                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      3643521                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        480180                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        60575                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    147174437                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       116761                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14108378                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7379483                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18948                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        52837                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           62                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          678                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1217166                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1154658                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      2371824                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    138723938                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12725256                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2455051                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           20081390                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       19618755                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          7356134                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.531849                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            137511215                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           137510750                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        82393966                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       221332283                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.527198                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.372264                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts    102506956                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    126311796                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20863164                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35248                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      2070634                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    240658865                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524858                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.343533                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    187195346     77.78%     77.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27095313     11.26%     89.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9837474      4.09%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4901196      2.04%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4484517      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1881940      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1863610      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       887233      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2512236      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    240658865                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts    102506956                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    126311796                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             18728412                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            11451489                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars             17584                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         18308236                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts       113722012                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      2608310                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      2512236                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          385320874                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         297993461                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               2981716                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              16530872                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts         102506956                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           126311796                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total    102506956                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.544542                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.544542                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.392998                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.392998                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      624210850                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     192154821                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     140236005                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        35218                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              260833258                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       17627455                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15905928                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       923488                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6637156                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6305551                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         973849                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        40963                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    187021159                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            110782581                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          17627455                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      7279400                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            21913890                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       2910583                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles     26065856                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        10729150                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       926992                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    236964949                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548411                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.848590                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      215051059     90.75%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         782770      0.33%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        1598964      0.67%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         681309      0.29%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        3641227      1.54%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        3247687      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         628799      0.27%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7        1311651      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8       10021483      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    236964949                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.067581                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.424726                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      185136768                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles     27961956                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        21832895                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        69773                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      1963551                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      1547116                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          495                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    129891788                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         2764                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      1963551                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      185380495                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles      26002073                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      1128232                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        21686763                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       803829                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    129820725                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          492                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents       409172                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       266781                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents         8079                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    152413972                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    611409996                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    611409996                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    135148450                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       17265516                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        15490                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8030                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         1865880                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     30626883                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores     15489538                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads       141478                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       751739                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        129570835                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15534                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       124524659                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        71152                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10046545                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     24146154                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          506                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    236964949                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525498                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316317                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    192260928     81.13%     81.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13643656      5.76%     86.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11041553      4.66%     91.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4767762      2.01%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5965274      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5654955      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3215738      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       256352      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       158731      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    236964949                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        313985     11.30%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2394579     86.18%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        69933      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     78117451     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1087443      0.87%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7456      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     29860078     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15452231     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    124524659                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.477411                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2778497                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022313                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    488863916                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    139636135                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    123464888                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    127303156                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       224518                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1188583                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          474                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3230                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        96932                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        10989                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            1                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      1963551                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles      25389518                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles       239183                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    129586454                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1347                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     30626883                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15489538                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8031                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents       148926                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          100                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3230                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       538244                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       544817                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      1083061                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    123660186                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     29764170                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       864473                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  85                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           45214895                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       16203992                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores         15450725                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.474097                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            123468189                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           123464888                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        66698490                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       131676673                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.473348                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.506532                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100313548                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps    117885134                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11715635                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15028                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       943713                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    235001398                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501636                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320248                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    192095010     81.74%     81.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15782932      6.72%     88.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7354690      3.13%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7237738      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1999551      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8284104      3.53%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       629379      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       459342      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1158652      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    235001398                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts    100313548                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps    117885134                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             44830898                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            29438297                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              7502                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         15567588                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts       104828031                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      1141880                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      1158652                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          363443216                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         261165272                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               4017822                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              23868309                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts         100313548                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps           117885134                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total    100313548                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.600180                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.600180                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.384589                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.384589                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      611342520                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     143376981                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     154666353                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        15006                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 45                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              260833258                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       18325711                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     14987968                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1788898                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7556527                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7223923                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1883017                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        79155                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    177793928                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            104026856                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          18325711                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      9106940                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            21794372                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       5215521                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      8240228                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        10934410                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1800371                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    211215521                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601695                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.946653                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      189421149     89.68%     89.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1        1183084      0.56%     90.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        1865780      0.88%     91.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3        2971858      1.41%     92.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        1230311      0.58%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        1372275      0.65%     93.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6        1469301      0.70%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         955478      0.45%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8       10746285      5.09%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    211215521                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.070258                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.398825                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      176092730                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      9954442                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        21726941                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        54856                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      3386549                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      3003624                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          448                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    127009856                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         2845                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      3386549                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      176366529                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       1994951                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      7134837                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        21512758                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       819894                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    126926811                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents        39023                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents       217303                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       296832                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents        75426                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    176202760                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    590457354                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    590457354                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    150295827                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       25906928                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        32781                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18248                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         2365468                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     12089051                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      6501830                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads       196356                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores      1477806                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        126747614                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        32879                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       119931848                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       151320                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16093762                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35933476                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3571                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    211215521                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567817                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.261157                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    160628211     76.05%     76.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20320968      9.62%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11096464      5.25%     90.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7563868      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7077963      3.35%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2031757      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1587338      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       539933      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       369019      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    211215521                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27825     12.62%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        84500     38.32%     50.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       108205     49.07%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    100467792     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1897946      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14531      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11083799      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6467780      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    119931848                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.459803                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            220530                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001839                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    451451067                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    142875566                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    118010039                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    120152378                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       364244                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2169601                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          337                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1339                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       196118                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7459                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           65                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      3386549                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles       1221570                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles       108546                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126780623                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        51054                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12089051                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6501830                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18239                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        80113                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           24                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1339                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1044292                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1023050                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      2067342                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    118230169                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10424789                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1701679                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                 130                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           16890988                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       16637786                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          6466199                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.453279                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            118010867                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           118010039                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        68993099                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       180252989                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.452435                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.382757                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88284519                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps    108213303                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18567891                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        29308                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      1827160                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    207828972                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520684                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372924                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    163905704     78.87%     78.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21270202     10.23%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8280119      3.98%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4464557      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3337966      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1864446      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1152021      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1028684      0.49%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2525273      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    207828972                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     88284519                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps    108213303                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             16225159                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             9919447                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars             14622                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         15533710                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        97507933                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      2198220                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      2525273                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          332084308                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         256949158                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               2881749                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              49617737                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          88284519                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps           108213303                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     88284519                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.954462                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.954462                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.338471                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.338471                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      533154264                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     163568041                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     118478971                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        29282                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              260833258                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       17872864                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15959722                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1425420                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     11969156                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11674252                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1073795                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        43088                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    188924377                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            101504458                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          17872864                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches     12748047                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            22637334                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       4673568                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      7708361                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        11431921                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1398886                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    222510231                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511111                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.746557                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      199872897     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        3450553      1.55%     91.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        1741861      0.78%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        3417121      1.54%     93.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        1097012      0.49%     94.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        3163518      1.42%     95.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         498869      0.22%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         804188      0.36%     96.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        8464212      3.80%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    222510231                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.068522                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.389155                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      187076237                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      9599882                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        22592594                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        18072                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      3223442                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      1686355                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred        16717                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    113546859                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts        31752                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      3223442                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      187285758                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles       6308442                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      2630590                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        22386869                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       675126                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    113380801                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          196                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        88076                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       519992                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    148590056                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    513862098                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    513862098                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    120525485                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       28064561                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        15225                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7708                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         1542412                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     20463420                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      3320248                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20807                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       752742                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        112797906                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15278                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       105637538                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        68533                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20336653                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41647475                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          119                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    222510231                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.474754                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088199                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176188605     79.18%     79.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14577979      6.55%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15532146      6.98%     92.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8971466      4.03%     96.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4640762      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1162931      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1377779      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        32012      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        26551      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    222510231                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        176823     57.13%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        73043     23.60%     80.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        59653     19.27%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     82832187     78.41%     78.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       827771      0.78%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7518      0.01%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     18678696     17.68%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3291366      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    105637538                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.405000                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            309519                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002930                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    434163359                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    133150111                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    102956807                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    105947057                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        82877                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4175669                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          110                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          282                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        76885                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      3223442                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles       5524059                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        81934                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    112813265                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        14822                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     20463420                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3320248                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7706                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        38238                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2206                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          282                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       964014                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       547086                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      1511100                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    104300215                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     18410216                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1337323                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  81                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           21701411                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       15855926                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          3291195                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.399873                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            102980982                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           102956807                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        62300771                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       135687773                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.394723                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.459148                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     82013702                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     92333990                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20483926                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15159                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      1416483                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    219286789                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421065                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288435                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    184909793     84.32%     84.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13506173      6.16%     90.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8675579      3.96%     94.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2733277      1.25%     95.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4531858      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       885880      0.40%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       560505      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       512826      0.23%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2970898      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    219286789                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     82013702                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     92333990                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             19531110                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            16287747                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              7564                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         14166441                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        80692845                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      1154730                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      2970898                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          329133508                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         228861810                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               4220799                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              38323027                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          82013702                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            92333990                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     82013702                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     3.180362                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               3.180362                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.314430                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.314430                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      484822225                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     134149076                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     120598458                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        15144                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              260831703                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       20197008                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16523930                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1973050                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8450222                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7961632                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2088242                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89904                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    194653932                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            112904407                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          20197008                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches     10049874                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            23573914                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       5362855                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles     10378252                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.MiscStallCycles          671                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        11905366                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1974730                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    231970905                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597791                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932821                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      208396991     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1        1095713      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        1744367      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3        2367886      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        2432539      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        2059980      0.89%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6        1159423      0.50%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7        1716538      0.74%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       10997468      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    231970905                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.077433                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.432863                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      192652660                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles     12396910                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        23530802                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        26777                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      3363753                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      3325825                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          374                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    138565214                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1956                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      3363753                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      193178646                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       1742445                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      9429303                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        23037677                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles      1219078                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    138516915                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          176                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents       179615                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       523818                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    193277005                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    644379449                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    644379449                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    167825324                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       25451601                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        34599                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18100                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         3601336                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     12973599                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      7030373                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        82843                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores      1677417                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        138361055                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34725                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       131501892                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18002                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15126508                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36084127                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1454                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231970905                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566890                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259486                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176308408     76.00%     76.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22900571      9.87%     85.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11596698      5.00%     90.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8736141      3.77%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6871489      2.96%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2784794      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1740465      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       911926      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       120413      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231970905                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25472     11.70%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        80346     36.91%     48.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       111877     51.39%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    110600504     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1960623      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16495      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11915811      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7008459      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    131501892                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.504164                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            217695                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001655                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    495210386                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    153522824                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    129538690                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    131719587                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       268619                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2071220                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           94                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          538                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        94719                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      3363753                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles       1448605                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles       118696                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    138395919                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11899                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12973599                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7030373                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18104                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents       100049                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          538                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1149096                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1106773                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      2255869                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    129694656                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11213518                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1807236                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                 139                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           18221705                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       18433905                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          7008187                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.497235                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            129538899                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           129538690                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        74354000                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       200353161                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.496637                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.371115                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     97831199                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    120379832                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18016032                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33271                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      1998001                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228607152                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526579                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373798                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179215754     78.39%     78.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24483616     10.71%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9249180      4.05%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4406856      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3719018      1.63%     96.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2131607      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1861714      0.81%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       842359      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2697048      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228607152                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     97831199                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    120379832                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             17838012                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            10902367                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars             16598                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         17358856                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts       108460848                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      2478856                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      2697048                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          364305292                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         280155605                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               2947294                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              28860798                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          97831199                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           120379832                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     97831199                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.666140                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.666140                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.375074                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.375074                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      583736855                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     180444263                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     128450539                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        33242                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 45                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              260833258                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       18336697                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     14998047                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1791167                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7552681                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7228762                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1884675                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        79400                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    177971867                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            104092249                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          18336697                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      9113437                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            21809295                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       5221497                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      8154081                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        10944934                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1802640                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    211325926                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601781                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.946810                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      189516631     89.68%     89.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        1185054      0.56%     90.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        1867188      0.88%     91.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        2974713      1.41%     92.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        1230448      0.58%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        1371229      0.65%     93.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6        1468803      0.70%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         957360      0.45%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8       10754500      5.09%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    211325926                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.070300                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.399076                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      176266748                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      9872593                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        21741386                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        54959                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      3390237                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      3004199                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          449                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    127091936                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         2886                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      3390237                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      176541072                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       1983159                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      7073786                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        21526783                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       810886                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    127009275                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents        32563                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents       218234                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       297219                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents        64400                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    176326936                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    590851289                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    590851289                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    150398277                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       25928650                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        32731                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18190                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         2367592                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     12098970                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      6504964                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads       196642                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores      1482540                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        126828783                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        32824                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       120010746                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       151469                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16101679                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35950663                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3496                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    211325926                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567894                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.261125                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    160699443     76.04%     76.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20337699      9.62%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11106594      5.26%     90.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7573515      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7080024      3.35%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2030805      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1589424      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       538727      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       369695      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    211325926                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27800     12.55%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        85346     38.54%     51.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       108297     48.91%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    100534292     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1899619      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14541      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11090881      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6471413      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    120010746                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.460105                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            221443                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001845                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    451720330                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    142964596                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    118085751                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    120232189                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       362769                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2172773                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          353                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1339                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       194973                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7475                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           33                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      3390237                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       1226821                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles       108975                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126861741                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        51363                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12098970                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6504964                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18174                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        80409                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           24                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1339                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1045909                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1023382                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      2069291                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    118305092                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10431175                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1705654                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                 134                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           16901068                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       16647614                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          6469893                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.453566                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            118086555                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           118085751                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        69044828                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       180380484                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.452725                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.382773                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88344703                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    108287030                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18575193                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        29328                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      1829460                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    207935689                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520772                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372937                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    163979172     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21287579     10.24%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8287081      3.99%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4465651      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3341040      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1866456      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1153518      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1030748      0.50%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2524444      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    207935689                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     88344703                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    108287030                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             16236186                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             9926195                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars             14632                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         15544298                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        97574360                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      2199716                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      2524444                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          332272883                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         257114899                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               2885420                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              49507332                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          88344703                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           108287030                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     88344703                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.952449                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.952449                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.338702                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.338702                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      533494007                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     163677472                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     118553693                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        29302                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 48                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              260833258                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       19199631                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15744482                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1880875                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7893181                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7495587                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1969350                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        83961                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    183298934                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            109170583                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          19199631                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      9464937                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            24007805                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       5350499                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles     17247222                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        11294660                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1869511                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    227991508                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585441                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.922658                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      203983703     89.47%     89.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        2603543      1.14%     90.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        3010553      1.32%     91.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        1653688      0.73%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        1899017      0.83%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        1047089      0.46%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         716351      0.31%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7        1860305      0.82%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       11217259      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    227991508                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.073609                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.418545                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      181803162                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles     18770944                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        23808743                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles       188702                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      3419954                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      3116781                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred        17593                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    133261857                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts        87607                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      3419954                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      182093320                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles       5762064                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles     12196141                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        23715994                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       804032                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    133182235                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          192                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents       204610                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       372805                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents           32                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    185087475                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    620097386                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    620097386                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    157995532                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       27091943                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        34929                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19525                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         2157219                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     12710335                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      6925961                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads       180635                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores      1538818                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        132970504                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35002                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       125645045                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       175280                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16652361                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38510013                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3971                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    227991508                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551095                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243806                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    175051720     76.78%     76.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21290421      9.34%     86.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11439111      5.02%     91.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7926072      3.48%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6922191      3.04%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3538955      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       858797      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       552063      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       412178      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    227991508                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         32386     11.95%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead       116454     42.99%     54.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122061     45.06%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    105171011     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1965660      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15385      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11616091      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6876898      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    125645045                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.481706                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            270901                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002156                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    479727779                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    149659070                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    123555174                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    125915946                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       315688                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2241400                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          784                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1206                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       152203                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7695                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         2807                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      3419954                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles       5315524                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles       135669                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    133005618                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        62397                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12710335                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6925961                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19503                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        94828                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1206                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1090469                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1057014                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      2147483                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    123790458                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10909167                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1854587                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                 112                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           17784495                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       17319769                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          6875328                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.474596                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            123556971                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           123555174                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        73437648                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       192351641                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.473694                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.381789                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     92780307                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    113829078                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19177717                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31031                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      1891799                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    224571554                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506872                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323332                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    178067668     79.29%     79.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21566368      9.60%     88.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9037692      4.02%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5432778      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3757004      1.67%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2428814      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1259571      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1013792      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2007867      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    224571554                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     92780307                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    113829078                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             17242693                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            10468935                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars             15482                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         16290480                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts       102621764                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      2315794                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      2007867                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          355569858                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         269433607                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               2808654                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              32841750                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          92780307                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           113829078                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     92780307                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.811300                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.811300                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.355707                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.355707                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      558391936                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     171483843                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     124371112                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        31002                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                        33587                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.928881                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         198674                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                        35635                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                         5.575249                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.678984                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     1.962934                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1836.904282                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data         205.382682                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001796                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.896926                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.100285                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        39394                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                 39395                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks          12538                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total               12538                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           35                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                  35                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        39429                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                  39430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        39429                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                 39430                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        33507                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total               33552                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           35                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::total                35                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        33542                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                33587                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        33542                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total               33587                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     91880597                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  31951748491                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   32043629088                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     55621101                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     55621101                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     91880597                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  32007369592                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total    32099250189                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     91880597                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  32007369592                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total   32099250189                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72901                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total             72947                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        12538                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total           12538                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           70                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total              70                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72971                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total              73017                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           46                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72971                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total             73017                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.978261                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.459623                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.459950                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.978261                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.459662                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.459989                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.978261                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.459662                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.459989                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2041791.044444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 953584.280628                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 955043.785408                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1589174.314286                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1589174.314286                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2041791.044444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 954247.498420                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 955704.593712                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2041791.044444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 954247.498420                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 955704.593712                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks               5282                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                    5282                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        33507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          33552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           35                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        33542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total           33587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        33542                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total          33587                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     87929597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  29009370126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29097299723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     52548101                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     52548101                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     87929597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  29061918227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29149847824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     87929597                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  29061918227                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29149847824                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.978261                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.459623                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.459950                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.978261                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.459662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.459989                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.978261                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.459662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.459989                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1953991.044444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 865770.439789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 867229.963132                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1501374.314286                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1501374.314286                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1953991.044444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 866433.672023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 867890.785840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1953991.044444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 866433.672023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 867890.785840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                        17807                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.838313                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         150848                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                        19855                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                         7.597482                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.233969                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     2.703167                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1667.039387                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data         348.861790                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.001320                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.813984                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.170343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        33673                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                 33674                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6081                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                6081                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           68                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                  68                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        33741                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                  33742                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        33741                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                 33742                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        17771                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total               17806                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        17771                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                17806                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        17771                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total               17806                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     46067320                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  14202911897                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   14248979217                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     46067320                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  14202911897                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total    14248979217                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     46067320                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  14202911897                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total   14248979217                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        51444                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total             51480                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6081                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total            6081                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           68                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total              68                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        51512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total              51548                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        51512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total             51548                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.345444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.345882                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.344988                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.345426                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.344988                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.345426                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1316209.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 799218.496258                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 800234.708357                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1316209.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 799218.496258                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 800234.708357                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1316209.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 799218.496258                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 800234.708357                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks               2378                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                    2378                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        17771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          17806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        17771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total           17806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        17771                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total          17806                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     42993510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  12642069561                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12685063071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     42993510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  12642069561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12685063071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     42993510                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  12642069561                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12685063071                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.345444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345882                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.344988                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345426                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.344988                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345426                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1228386                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 711387.629340                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 712403.856621                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1228386                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 711387.629340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 712403.856621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1228386                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 711387.629340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 712403.856621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                        11619                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.458614                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         187669                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                        13667                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        13.731543                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.976702                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     5.104959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1509.746920                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data         505.630033                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013172                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.002493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.737181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.246890                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        28065                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                 28067                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8969                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                8969                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          148                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                 148                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        28213                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                  28215                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        28213                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                 28215                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        11573                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total               11615                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        11573                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                11615                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        11573                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total               11615                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     83695934                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   9411776644                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    9495472578                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     83695934                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   9411776644                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total     9495472578                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     83695934                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   9411776644                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total    9495472578                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        39638                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total             39682                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8969                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total            8969                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          148                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total             148                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        39786                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total              39830                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        39786                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total             39830                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.291967                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.292702                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.290881                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.291614                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.290881                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.291614                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1992760.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 813252.971917                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 817518.086784                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1992760.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 813252.971917                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 817518.086784                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1992760.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 813252.971917                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 817518.086784                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks               5085                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                    5085                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l202.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l202.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l202.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l202.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        11572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          11614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        11572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total           11614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        11572                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total          11614                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     80008334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   8394353332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8474361666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     80008334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   8394353332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8474361666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     80008334                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   8394353332                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8474361666                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.291942                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.292677                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.290856                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291589                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.290856                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291589                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1904960.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 725402.119945                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 729667.785948                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1904960.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 725402.119945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 729667.785948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1904960.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 725402.119945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 729667.785948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                        11607                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.440180                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         187640                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                        13655                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        13.741487                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.953826                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     5.106692                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1509.621048                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data         505.758615                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.002494                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.737120                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.246952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999727                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        28041                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                 28043                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8964                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                8964                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          153                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                 153                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        28194                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                  28196                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        28194                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                 28196                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        11561                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total               11603                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        11561                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                11603                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        11561                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total               11603                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    106497296                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   9471237955                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    9577735251                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    106497296                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   9471237955                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total     9577735251                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    106497296                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   9471237955                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total    9577735251                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        39602                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total             39646                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8964                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total            8964                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          153                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total             153                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        39755                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total              39799                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        39755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total             39799                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.291930                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.292665                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.290806                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.291540                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.290806                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.291540                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2535649.904762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 819240.373238                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 825453.352667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2535649.904762                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 819240.373238                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 825453.352667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2535649.904762                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 819240.373238                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 825453.352667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks               5082                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                    5082                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l203.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l203.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l203.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l203.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        11560                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          11602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        11560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total           11602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        11560                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total          11602                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    102808916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   8455422855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8558231771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    102808916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   8455422855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8558231771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    102808916                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   8455422855                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8558231771                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.291904                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.292640                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.290781                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291515                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.290781                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291515                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2447831.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 731437.963235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 737651.419669                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2447831.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 731437.963235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 737651.419669                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2447831.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 731437.963235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 737651.419669                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                        17883                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.508077                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         224404                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                        19931                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        11.259044                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          32.180894                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     2.834627                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1650.623732                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data         361.868825                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.001384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.805969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.176694                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        33700                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                 33701                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks          18457                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total               18457                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          145                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                 145                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        33845                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                  33846                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        33845                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                 33846                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        17832                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total               17868                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::total                 8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        17840                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                17876                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        17840                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total               17876                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     75576717                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  15067260107                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   15142836824                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      7333042                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      7333042                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     75576717                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  15074593149                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total    15150169866                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     75576717                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  15074593149                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total   15150169866                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        51532                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total             51569                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        18457                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total           18457                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          153                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total             153                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        51685                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total              51722                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        51685                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total             51722                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.346037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.346487                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.052288                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.052288                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.345168                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.345617                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.345168                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.345617                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2099353.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 844956.264412                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 847483.592120                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 916630.250000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 916630.250000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2099353.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 844988.405213                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 847514.537145                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2099353.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 844988.405213                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 847514.537145                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks               9707                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                    9707                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        17832                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          17868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        17840                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total           17876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        17840                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total          17876                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     72415917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  13501526073                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13573941990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      6630642                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6630642                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     72415917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  13508156715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13580572632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     72415917                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  13508156715                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13580572632                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.346037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346487                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.052288                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.052288                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.345168                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345617                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.345168                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345617                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2011553.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 757151.529441                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 759678.866689                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 828830.250000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 828830.250000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2011553.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 757183.672365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 759709.813829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2011553.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 757183.672365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 759709.813829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                        17815                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.835481                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         150945                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                        19863                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                         7.599305                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.236335                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     2.698679                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1665.844730                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data         350.055737                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014276                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.001318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.813401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.170926                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        33764                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                 33765                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6087                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                6087                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           68                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                  68                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        33832                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                  33833                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        33832                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                 33833                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        17779                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total               17814                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        17779                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                17814                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        17779                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total               17814                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     70911808                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  13989337516                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   14060249324                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     70911808                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  13989337516                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total    14060249324                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     70911808                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  13989337516                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total   14060249324                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        51543                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total             51579                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6087                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total            6087                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           68                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total              68                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        51611                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total              51647                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        51611                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total             51647                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.344935                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.345373                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.344481                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.344918                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.344481                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.344918                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2026051.657143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 786846.139603                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 789280.864713                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2026051.657143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 786846.139603                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 789280.864713                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2026051.657143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 786846.139603                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 789280.864713                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks               2380                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                    2380                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        17779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          17814                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        17779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total           17814                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        17779                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total          17814                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     67838808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  12428149621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12495988429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     67838808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  12428149621                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12495988429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     67838808                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  12428149621                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12495988429                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.344935                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345373                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.344481                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344918                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.344481                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344918                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1938251.657143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 699035.357500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 701470.103795                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1938251.657143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 699035.357500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 701470.103795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1938251.657143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 699035.357500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 701470.103795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                        33671                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.933406                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         198624                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                        35719                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                         5.560738                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.634604                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     1.615577                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1839.694861                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data         202.988363                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000789                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.898289                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.099115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        39393                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                 39394                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks          12492                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total               12492                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           31                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                  31                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        39424                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                  39425                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        39424                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                 39425                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        33593                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total               33633                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::total                38                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        33631                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                33671                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        33631                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total               33671                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     65911341                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  31987825005                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   32053736346                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     54956657                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     54956657                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     65911341                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  32042781662                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total    32108693003                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     65911341                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  32042781662                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total   32108693003                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        72986                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total             73027                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        12492                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total           12492                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total              69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        73055                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total              73096                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        73055                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total             73096                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.460266                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.460556                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.550725                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.550725                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.460352                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.460641                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.460352                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.460641                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1647783.525000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 952216.979877                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 953044.222817                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1446227.815789                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1446227.815789                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1647783.525000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 952775.167613                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 953600.813846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1647783.525000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 952775.167613                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 953600.813846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks               5289                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                    5289                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        33593                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          33633                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        33631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total           33671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        33631                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total          33671                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     62399341                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  29037551050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29099950391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     51620044                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51620044                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     62399341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  29089171094                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29151570435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     62399341                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  29089171094                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29151570435                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.460266                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.550725                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.550725                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.460352                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460641                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.460352                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460641                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1559983.525000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 864392.910725                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 865220.182291                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1358422.210526                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1358422.210526                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1559983.525000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 864951.119324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 865776.794126                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1559983.525000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 864951.119324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 865776.794126                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                        11634                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.460739                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         187692                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                        13682                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        13.718170                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.978787                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     4.993658                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1509.848923                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data         505.639371                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013173                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.002438                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.737231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.246894                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        28082                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                 28084                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8975                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                8975                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          148                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                 148                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        28230                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                  28232                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        28230                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                 28232                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        11589                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total               11630                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        11589                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                11630                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        11589                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total               11630                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     86559352                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   9354310220                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    9440869572                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     86559352                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   9354310220                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total     9440869572                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     86559352                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   9354310220                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total    9440869572                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        39671                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total             39714                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8975                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total            8975                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          148                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total             148                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        39819                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total              39862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        39819                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total             39862                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.292128                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.292844                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.291042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.291757                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.291042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.291757                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2111203.707317                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 807171.474674                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 811768.664832                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2111203.707317                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 807171.474674                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 811768.664832                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2111203.707317                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 807171.474674                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 811768.664832                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks               5091                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                    5091                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l207.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l207.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l207.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l207.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        11588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          11629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        11588                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total           11629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        11588                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total          11629                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     82958586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   8336157194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8419115780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     82958586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   8336157194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8419115780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     82958586                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   8336157194                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8419115780                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.292103                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.292819                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.291017                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291731                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.291017                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291731                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2023380.146341                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 719378.425440                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 723975.903345                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2023380.146341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 719378.425440                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 723975.903345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2023380.146341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 719378.425440                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 723975.903345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                        17877                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.516122                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         224306                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                        19925                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        11.257516                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          32.095795                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     2.870187                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1652.067057                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data         360.483084                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.001401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.806673                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.176017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        33636                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                 33637                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks          18421                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total               18421                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          144                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                 144                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        33780                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                  33781                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        33780                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                 33781                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        17826                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total               17863                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        17832                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                17869                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        17832                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total               17869                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     61546483                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  15142098902                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   15203645385                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      5371913                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      5371913                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     61546483                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  15147470815                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total    15209017298                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     61546483                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  15147470815                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total   15209017298                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        51462                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total             51500                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        18421                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total           18421                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          150                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total             150                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        51612                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total              51650                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        51612                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total             51650                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.346392                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.346854                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.040000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.040000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.345501                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.345963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.345501                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.345963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1663418.459459                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 849438.960058                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 851124.972569                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 895318.833333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 895318.833333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1663418.459459                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 849454.397432                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 851139.811853                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1663418.459459                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 849454.397432                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 851139.811853                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks               9704                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                    9704                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        17826                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          17863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        17832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total           17869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        17832                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total          17869                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     58297883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  13576669830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13634967713                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      4845113                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4845113                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     58297883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  13581514943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13639812826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     58297883                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  13581514943                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13639812826                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.346392                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346854                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.040000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.345501                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.345501                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1575618.459459                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 761621.778862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 763307.826961                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 807518.833333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 807518.833333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1575618.459459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 761637.222017                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 763322.672002                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1575618.459459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 761637.222017                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 763322.672002                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                         8453                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.235934                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         210117                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                        10501                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        20.009237                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.207270                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     5.474436                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1385.844088                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data         617.710140                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.002673                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.676682                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.301616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        27506                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                 27508                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8560                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                8560                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          211                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                 211                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        27717                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                  27719                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        27717                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                 27719                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8415                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                8452                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8415                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                 8452                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8415                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                8452                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    111705127                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   6933536390                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    7045241517                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    111705127                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   6933536390                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total     7045241517                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    111705127                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   6933536390                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total    7045241517                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        35921                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total             35960                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8560                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total            8560                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          211                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total             211                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        36132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total              36171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        36132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total             36171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.234264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.235039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.232896                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.233668                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.232896                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.233668                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3019057.486486                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 823949.660131                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 833559.100450                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3019057.486486                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 823949.660131                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 833559.100450                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3019057.486486                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 823949.660131                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 833559.100450                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks               4409                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                    4409                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8415                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           8452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total            8452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8415                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total           8452                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    108447198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   6193601933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6302049131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    108447198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   6193601933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6302049131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    108447198                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   6193601933                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6302049131                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.234264                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235039                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.232896                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233668                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.232896                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233668                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2931005.351351                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 736019.243375                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 745628.150852                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2931005.351351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 736019.243375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 745628.150852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2931005.351351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 736019.243375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 745628.150852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                        33717                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.929126                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         198782                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                        35765                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                         5.558004                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.641997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     1.800120                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1838.200968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data         204.286041                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000879                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.897559                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.099749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        39509                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                 39510                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks          12531                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total               12531                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           35                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                  35                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        39544                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                  39545                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        39544                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                 39545                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        33641                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total               33682                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           35                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::total                35                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        33676                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                33717                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        33676                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total               33717                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     77093151                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  31702913540                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   31780006691                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     50627325                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     50627325                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     77093151                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  31753540865                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total    31830634016                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     77093151                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  31753540865                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total   31830634016                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        73150                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total             73192                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        12531                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total           12531                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           70                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total              70                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        73220                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total              73262                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        73220                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total             73262                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.459891                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.460187                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.459929                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.460225                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.459929                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.460225                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1880320.756098                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 942389.154306                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 943530.867852                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1446495                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1446495                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1880320.756098                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 942913.079493                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 944052.970786                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1880320.756098                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 942913.079493                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 944052.970786                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks               5299                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                    5299                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        33641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          33682                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           35                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        33676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total           33717                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        33676                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total          33717                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     73493351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  28749025680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28822519031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     47554325                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     47554325                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     73493351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  28796580005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28870073356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     73493351                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  28796580005                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28870073356                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.459891                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460187                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.459929                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460225                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.459929                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460225                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1792520.756098                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 854582.969591                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 855724.690666                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1358695                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1358695                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1792520.756098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 855106.901206                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 856246.800012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1792520.756098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 855106.901206                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 856246.800012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                        28770                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.596247                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         156482                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                        30818                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                         5.077617                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          11.616180                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     4.519190                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1651.080674                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data         380.380203                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.002207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.806192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.185733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        35628                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                 35629                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7593                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                7593                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           91                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                  91                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        35719                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                  35720                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        35719                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                 35720                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        28693                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total               28733                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::total                29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        28722                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                28762                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        28722                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total               28762                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     46678298                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  26704899659                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   26751577957                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     24852293                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     24852293                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     46678298                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  26729751952                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total    26776430250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     46678298                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  26729751952                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total   26776430250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        64321                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total             64362                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7593                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total            7593                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          120                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total             120                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        64441                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total              64482                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        64441                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total             64482                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.446091                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.446428                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.241667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.241667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.445710                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.446047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.445710                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.446047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1166957.450000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 930711.311435                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 931040.196186                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 856975.620690                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 856975.620690                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1166957.450000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 930636.862057                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 930965.518740                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1166957.450000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 930636.862057                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 930965.518740                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks               4316                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                    4316                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        28693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          28733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        28722                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total           28762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        28722                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total          28762                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     43164530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  24184955394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24228119924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     22305788                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22305788                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     43164530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  24207261182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24250425712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     43164530                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  24207261182                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24250425712                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.446091                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.446428                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.241667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.241667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.445710                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.446047                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.445710                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.446047                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1079113.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 842886.954797                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 843215.811924                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 769165.103448                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 769165.103448                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1079113.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 842812.519393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 843141.148460                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1079113.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 842812.519393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 843141.148460                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                        17771                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.836659                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         150814                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                        19819                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                         7.609567                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.239091                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     2.978325                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1665.906078                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data         349.713165                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014277                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.001454                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.813431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.170758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        33657                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                 33658                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6063                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                6063                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           67                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                  67                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        33724                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                  33725                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        33724                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                 33725                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        17735                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total               17771                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        17735                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                17771                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        17735                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total               17771                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     68185054                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  14237087270                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   14305272324                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     68185054                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  14237087270                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total    14305272324                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     68185054                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  14237087270                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total   14305272324                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        51392                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total             51429                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6063                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total            6063                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           67                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total              67                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        51459                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total              51496                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        51459                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total             51496                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.345093                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.345544                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.344643                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.345095                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.344643                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.345095                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1894029.277778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 802767.819002                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 804978.466265                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1894029.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 802767.819002                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 804978.466265                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1894029.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 802767.819002                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 804978.466265                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks               2377                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                    2377                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        17735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          17771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        17735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total           17771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        17735                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total          17771                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     65024136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  12679561593                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12744585729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     65024136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  12679561593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12744585729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     65024136                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  12679561593                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12744585729                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.345093                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345544                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.344643                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345095                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.344643                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345095                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1806226                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 714945.677643                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 717156.363120                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1806226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 714945.677643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 717156.363120                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1806226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 714945.677643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 717156.363120                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                        11630                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.444351                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         187679                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                        13678                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        13.721231                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.957422                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     5.100638                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1509.962183                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data         505.424109                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013163                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.002491                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.737286                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.246789                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        28072                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                 28074                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8972                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                8972                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          152                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                 152                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        28224                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                  28226                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        28224                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                 28226                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        11586                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total               11628                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        11586                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                11628                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        11586                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total               11628                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     94760623                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   9368810496                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    9463571119                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     94760623                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   9368810496                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total     9463571119                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     94760623                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   9368810496                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total    9463571119                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        39658                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total             39702                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8972                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total            8972                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          152                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total             152                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        39810                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total              39854                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        39810                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total             39854                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.292148                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.292882                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.291032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.291765                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.291032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.291765                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2256205.309524                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 808632.012429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 813860.605349                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2256205.309524                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 808632.012429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 813860.605349                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2256205.309524                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 808632.012429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 813860.605349                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks               5089                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                    5089                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l213.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l213.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l213.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l213.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        11585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          11627                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        11585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total           11627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        11585                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total          11627                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     91073023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   8351005900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8442078923                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     91073023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   8351005900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8442078923                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     91073023                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   8351005900                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8442078923                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.292123                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.292857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.291007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291740                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.291007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291740                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2168405.309524                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 720846.430729                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 726075.421261                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2168405.309524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 720846.430729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 726075.421261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2168405.309524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 720846.430729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 726075.421261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                        28726                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.596505                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         156524                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                        30774                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                         5.086242                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          11.677728                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     4.542514                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1649.533228                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data         381.843035                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005702                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.002218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.805436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.186447                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        35667                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                 35668                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7595                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                7595                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           91                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                  91                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        35758                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                  35759                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        35758                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                 35759                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        28649                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total               28690                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::total                28                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        28677                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                28718                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        28677                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total               28718                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     58933949                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  26503908683                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   26562842632                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     22843551                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     22843551                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     58933949                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  26526752234                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total    26585686183                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     58933949                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  26526752234                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total   26585686183                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        64316                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total             64358                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7595                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total            7595                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          119                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total             119                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        64435                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total              64477                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        64435                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total             64477                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.445441                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.445788                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.235294                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.235294                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.445053                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.445399                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.445053                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.445399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1437413.390244                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 925125.089288                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 925857.184803                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 815841.107143                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 815841.107143                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1437413.390244                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 925018.385256                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 925749.919319                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1437413.390244                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 925018.385256                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 925749.919319                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks               4316                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                    4316                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        28649                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          28690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        28677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total           28718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        28677                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total          28718                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     55331840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  23987923501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24043255341                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     20383870                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     20383870                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     55331840                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  24008307371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24063639211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     55331840                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  24008307371                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24063639211                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.445441                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.445788                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.235294                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235294                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.445053                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.445399                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.445053                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.445399                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1349557.073171                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 837304.042061                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 838036.087173                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 727995.357143                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727995.357143                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1349557.073171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 837197.313910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 837928.797653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1349557.073171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 837197.313910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 837928.797653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                        17881                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.509324                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         224352                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                        19929                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        11.257564                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          32.211661                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     2.877094                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1654.287369                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data         358.133200                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.001405                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.807758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.174870                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        33691                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                 33692                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks          18414                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total               18414                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          145                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                 145                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        33836                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                  33837                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        33836                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                 33837                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        17828                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total               17865                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::total                 8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        17836                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                17873                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        17836                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total               17873                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     67644159                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  14994286930                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   15061931089                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      6386345                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      6386345                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     67644159                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  15000673275                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total    15068317434                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     67644159                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  15000673275                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total   15068317434                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        51519                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total             51557                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        18414                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total           18414                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          153                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total             153                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        51672                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total              51710                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        51672                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total             51710                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.346047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.346510                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.052288                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.052288                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.345177                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.345639                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.345177                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.345639                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1828220.513514                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 841052.666031                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 843097.178226                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 798293.125000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 798293.125000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1828220.513514                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 841033.487049                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 843077.123818                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1828220.513514                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 841033.487049                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 843077.123818                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks               9721                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                    9721                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        17828                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          17865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        17836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total           17873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        17836                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total          17873                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     64395559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  13428775288                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13493170847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      5683945                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5683945                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     64395559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  13434459233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13498854792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     64395559                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  13434459233                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13498854792                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.346047                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346510                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.052288                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.052288                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.345177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345639                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.345177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345639                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1740420.513514                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 753240.704958                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 755285.241926                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 710493.125000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 710493.125000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1740420.513514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 753221.531341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 755265.192861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1740420.513514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 753221.531341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 755265.192861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              582.054177                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1010713562                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  589                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1715982.278438                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    41.663643                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   540.390534                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.066769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.866010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.932779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     10705672                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10705672                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     10705672                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       10705672                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     10705672                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      10705672                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           68                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           68                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           68                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           68                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           68                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           68                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    141394178                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    141394178                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    141394178                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    141394178                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    141394178                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    141394178                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     10705740                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10705740                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     10705740                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     10705740                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     10705740                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     10705740                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2079326.147059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2079326.147059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2079326.147059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2079326.147059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2079326.147059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2079326.147059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       116226                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       116226                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     92320167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     92320167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     92320167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     92320167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     92320167                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     92320167                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2006960.152174                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2006960.152174                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2006960.152174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2006960.152174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2006960.152174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2006960.152174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                72971                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              432110105                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                73227                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              5900.966925                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   111.883072                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   144.116928                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.437043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.562957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data     27995650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      27995650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15329863                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     15329863                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         7887                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7887                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         7479                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7479                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     43325513                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       43325513                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     43325513                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      43325513                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       266517                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       266517                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          288                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          288                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       266805                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total       266805                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       266805                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total       266805                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 132377397077                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 132377397077                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    215884475                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    215884475                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 132593281552                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 132593281552                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 132593281552                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 132593281552                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     28262167                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     28262167                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     15330151                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15330151                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7887                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7887                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7479                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7479                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     43592318                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     43592318                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     43592318                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     43592318                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009430                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009430                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 496694.008551                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 496694.008551                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 749598.871528                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 749598.871528                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 496967.004187                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 496967.004187                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 496967.004187                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 496967.004187                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12538                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total           12538                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       193616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       193616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          218                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          218                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       193834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       193834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       193834                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       193834                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        72901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        72971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        72971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        72971                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        72971                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  34920234303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  34920234303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     58318918                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58318918                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  34978553221                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  34978553221                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  34978553221                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  34978553221                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002579                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002579                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 479008.988944                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 479008.988944                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 833127.400000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 833127.400000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 479348.689493                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 479348.689493                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 479348.689493                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 479348.689493                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              558.773850                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              899250768                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1597248.255773                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    33.539011                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   525.234839                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.053748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.841722                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895471                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     11434921                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11434921                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     11434921                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       11434921                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     11434921                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      11434921                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     55308897                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     55308897                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     55308897                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     55308897                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     55308897                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     55308897                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     11434969                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11434969                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     11434969                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     11434969                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     11434969                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     11434969                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1152268.687500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1152268.687500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1152268.687500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1152268.687500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1152268.687500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1152268.687500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     46435183                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     46435183                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     46435183                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     46435183                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     46435183                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     46435183                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1289866.194444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1289866.194444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1289866.194444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1289866.194444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1289866.194444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1289866.194444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                51512                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              217475363                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                51768                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              4200.961270                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   200.287509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    55.712491                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.782373                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.217627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data     16820144                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      16820144                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      3228846                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3228846                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         7646                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7646                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         7577                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7577                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     20048990                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       20048990                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     20048990                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      20048990                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       181987                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       181987                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          313                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          313                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       182300                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       182300                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       182300                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       182300                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  82054966015                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  82054966015                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     26825802                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     26825802                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  82081791817                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  82081791817                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  82081791817                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  82081791817                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     17002131                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17002131                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      3229159                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3229159                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         7646                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7646                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         7577                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7577                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     20231290                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20231290                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     20231290                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20231290                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.010704                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010704                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000097                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000097                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 450883.667597                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 450883.667597                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 85705.437700                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85705.437700                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 450256.674805                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 450256.674805                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 450256.674805                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 450256.674805                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6081                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            6081                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       130543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       130543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          245                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          245                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       130788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       130788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       130788                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       130788                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        51444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        51444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        51512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        51512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        51512                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        51512                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  16558095359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16558095359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      4416989                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4416989                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  16562512348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16562512348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  16562512348                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16562512348                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 321866.405392                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 321866.405392                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 64955.720588                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64955.720588                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 321527.262541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 321527.262541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 321527.262541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 321527.262541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              518.116013                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              982350689                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1892775.894027                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    43.116013                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.069096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11900327                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11900327                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11900327                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       11900327                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11900327                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      11900327                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     96614431                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     96614431                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     96614431                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     96614431                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     96614431                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     96614431                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11900378                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11900378                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11900378                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     11900378                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11900378                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     11900378                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1894400.607843                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1894400.607843                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1894400.607843                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1894400.607843                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1894400.607843                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1894400.607843                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     84203687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     84203687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     84203687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     84203687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     84203687                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     84203687                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1913720.159091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1913720.159091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1913720.159091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1913720.159091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1913720.159091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1913720.159091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                39786                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              161740447                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                40042                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              4039.269942                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   233.856742                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    22.143258                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.913503                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.086497                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      8195363                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8195363                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      6899384                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6899384                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        17771                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17771                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        16612                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16612                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     15094747                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       15094747                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     15094747                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      15094747                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       127226                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       127226                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          868                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          868                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       128094                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       128094                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       128094                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       128094                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  42391550239                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  42391550239                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     73241911                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     73241911                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  42464792150                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  42464792150                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  42464792150                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  42464792150                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      8322589                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8322589                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      6900252                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6900252                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        17771                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17771                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        16612                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16612                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     15222841                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15222841                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     15222841                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15222841                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.015287                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015287                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008415                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008415                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008415                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008415                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 333198.797722                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 333198.797722                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 84380.081797                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84380.081797                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 331512.734008                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 331512.734008                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 331512.734008                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 331512.734008                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8969                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            8969                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        87588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        87588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          720                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          720                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        88308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        88308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        88308                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        88308                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        39638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        39638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          148                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          148                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        39786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        39786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        39786                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39786                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  11336641851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11336641851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      9555752                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9555752                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  11346197603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11346197603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  11346197603                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11346197603                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.004763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 286004.385968                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 286004.385968                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 64565.891892                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64565.891892                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 285180.656588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 285180.656588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 285180.656588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 285180.656588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              518.114858                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              982342411                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1892759.944123                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    43.114858                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.069094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830312                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     11892049                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11892049                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     11892049                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       11892049                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     11892049                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      11892049                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    118876579                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    118876579                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    118876579                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    118876579                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    118876579                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    118876579                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     11892100                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11892100                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     11892100                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     11892100                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     11892100                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     11892100                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2330913.313725                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2330913.313725                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2330913.313725                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2330913.313725                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2330913.313725                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2330913.313725                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       305918                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       305918                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    106988499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    106988499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    106988499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    106988499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    106988499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    106988499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2431556.795455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2431556.795455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2431556.795455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2431556.795455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2431556.795455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2431556.795455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                39755                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              161729632                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                40011                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              4042.129214                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   233.856790                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    22.143210                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.913503                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.086497                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      8190110                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8190110                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      6893870                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6893870                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        17734                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17734                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        16601                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16601                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     15083980                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       15083980                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     15083980                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      15083980                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       127087                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       127087                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          908                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          908                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       127995                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       127995                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       127995                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       127995                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  42850042804                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  42850042804                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     76746876                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     76746876                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  42926789680                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  42926789680                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  42926789680                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  42926789680                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      8317197                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8317197                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      6894778                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6894778                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        17734                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17734                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        16601                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16601                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     15211975                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15211975                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     15211975                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15211975                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.015280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008414                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008414                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008414                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008414                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 337170.936477                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 337170.936477                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 84522.991189                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84522.991189                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 335378.645103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 335378.645103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 335378.645103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 335378.645103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8964                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            8964                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        87485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        87485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          755                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          755                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        88240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        88240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        88240                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        88240                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        39602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        39602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        39755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        39755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        39755                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39755                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  11394346624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11394346624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      9871131                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9871131                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  11404217755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11404217755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  11404217755                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11404217755                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004761                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004761                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002613                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002613                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002613                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002613                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 287721.494470                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 287721.494470                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 64517.196078                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64517.196078                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 286862.476544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 286862.476544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 286862.476544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 286862.476544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              518.305679                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              982968944                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1893967.136802                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    36.305679                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.058182                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830618                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     11289603                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11289603                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     11289603                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       11289603                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     11289603                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      11289603                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    110326771                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    110326771                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    110326771                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    110326771                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    110326771                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    110326771                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     11289659                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11289659                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     11289659                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     11289659                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     11289659                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     11289659                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1970120.910714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1970120.910714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1970120.910714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1970120.910714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1970120.910714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1970120.910714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     75967374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     75967374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     75967374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     75967374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     75967374                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     75967374                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2053172.270270                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2053172.270270                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2053172.270270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2053172.270270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2053172.270270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2053172.270270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                51684                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              167122453                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                51940                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              3217.605949                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   234.189428                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    21.810572                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.914802                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.085198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      7961661                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7961661                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      6732967                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6732967                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        16436                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16436                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        15495                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15495                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     14694628                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       14694628                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     14694628                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      14694628                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       176542                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       176542                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5499                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5499                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       182041                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       182041                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       182041                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       182041                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  73899395979                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  73899395979                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3586730435                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3586730435                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  77486126414                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  77486126414                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  77486126414                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  77486126414                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      8138203                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8138203                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      6738466                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6738466                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        16436                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16436                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        15495                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15495                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     14876669                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14876669                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     14876669                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14876669                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.021693                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021693                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000816                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000816                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012237                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012237                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012237                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012237                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 418593.852902                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 418593.852902                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 652251.397527                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 652251.397527                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 425652.058679                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 425652.058679                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 425652.058679                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 425652.058679                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     36102347                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets            75                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 481364.626667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18457                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total           18457                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       125010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       125010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         5346                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5346                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       130356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       130356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       130356                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       130356                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        51532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        51532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        51685                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        51685                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        51685                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        51685                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  17430783387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17430783387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     16829256                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16829256                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  17447612643                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17447612643                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  17447612643                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17447612643                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006332                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006332                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003474                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003474                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003474                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003474                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 338251.637565                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 338251.637565                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 109995.137255                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109995.137255                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 337575.943562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 337575.943562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 337575.943562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 337575.943562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              559.312772                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              899275026                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1597291.342806                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    34.077619                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   525.235153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.054612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.841723                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.896335                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11459179                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11459179                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11459179                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       11459179                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11459179                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      11459179                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     91616120                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     91616120                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     91616120                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     91616120                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     91616120                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     91616120                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11459227                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11459227                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11459227                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     11459227                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11459227                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     11459227                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1908669.166667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1908669.166667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1908669.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1908669.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1908669.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1908669.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     71271208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     71271208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     71271208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     71271208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     71271208                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     71271208                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1979755.777778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1979755.777778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1979755.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1979755.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1979755.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1979755.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                51611                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              217519017                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                51867                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              4193.784429                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   200.278856                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    55.721144                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.782339                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.217661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data     16855464                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      16855464                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      3237148                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3237148                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         7659                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7659                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         7596                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7596                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     20092612                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       20092612                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     20092612                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      20092612                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       182419                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       182419                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          309                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          309                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       182728                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       182728                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       182728                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       182728                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  80842642775                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  80842642775                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     26596255                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     26596255                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  80869239030                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  80869239030                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  80869239030                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  80869239030                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     17037883                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17037883                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      3237457                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3237457                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         7659                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7659                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         7596                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7596                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     20275340                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20275340                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     20275340                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20275340                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.010707                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010707                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 443170.079734                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 443170.079734                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 86072.022654                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86072.022654                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 442566.213333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 442566.213333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 442566.213333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 442566.213333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6087                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            6087                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       130875                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       130875                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          241                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          241                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       131116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       131116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       131116                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       131116                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        51544                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        51544                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        51612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        51612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        51612                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        51612                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  16350370251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16350370251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      4393349                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4393349                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  16354763600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16354763600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  16354763600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16354763600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 317211.901502                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 317211.901502                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 64608.073529                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64608.073529                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 316879.090134                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316879.090134                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 316879.090134                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316879.090134                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              580.870535                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1010712219                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  584                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1730671.607877                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    39.796569                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   541.073965                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.063777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.867106                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.930882                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     10704329                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10704329                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     10704329                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       10704329                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     10704329                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      10704329                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     86663459                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     86663459                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     86663459                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     86663459                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     86663459                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     86663459                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     10704384                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10704384                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     10704384                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     10704384                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     10704384                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     10704384                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1575699.254545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1575699.254545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1575699.254545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1575699.254545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1575699.254545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1575699.254545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     66311094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66311094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     66311094                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     66311094                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     66311094                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     66311094                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1617343.756098                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1617343.756098                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1617343.756098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1617343.756098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1617343.756098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1617343.756098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                73055                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              432145134                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                73311                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              5894.683390                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   111.882343                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   144.117657                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.437040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.562960                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data     28021557                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      28021557                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data     15338959                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     15338959                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         7907                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7907                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         7485                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7485                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     43360516                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       43360516                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     43360516                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      43360516                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       267127                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       267127                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          263                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          263                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       267390                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       267390                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       267390                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       267390                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 132269924095                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 132269924095                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    200846621                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    200846621                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 132470770716                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 132470770716                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 132470770716                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 132470770716                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     28288684                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     28288684                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     15339222                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15339222                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         7907                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7907                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         7485                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7485                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     43627906                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     43627906                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     43627906                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     43627906                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009443                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009443                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 495157.449809                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 495157.449809                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 763675.365019                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 763675.365019                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 495421.559206                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 495421.559206                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 495421.559206                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 495421.559206                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12492                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total           12492                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       194141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       194141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          194                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          194                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       194335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       194335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       194335                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       194335                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        72986                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72986                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        73055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        73055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        73055                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        73055                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  34956558657                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  34956558657                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     57396606                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57396606                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  35013955263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35013955263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  35013955263                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35013955263                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002580                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002580                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001675                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001675                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 478948.821103                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 478948.821103                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 831834.869565                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 831834.869565                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 479282.119814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 479282.119814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 479282.119814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 479282.119814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              517.175176                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              982356580                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1896441.274131                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    42.175176                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.067588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     11906218                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11906218                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     11906218                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       11906218                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     11906218                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      11906218                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     97061928                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     97061928                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     97061928                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     97061928                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     97061928                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     97061928                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     11906268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11906268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     11906268                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     11906268                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     11906268                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     11906268                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1941238.560000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1941238.560000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1941238.560000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1941238.560000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1941238.560000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1941238.560000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       290966                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       290966                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     87041560                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     87041560                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     87041560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     87041560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     87041560                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     87041560                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2024222.325581                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2024222.325581                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2024222.325581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2024222.325581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2024222.325581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2024222.325581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                39819                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              161752605                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                40075                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              4036.247162                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   233.858518                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    22.141482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.913510                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.086490                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      8202193                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8202193                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      6904728                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6904728                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        17741                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17741                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        16626                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16626                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     15106921                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       15106921                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     15106921                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      15106921                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       127462                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       127462                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          868                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          868                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       128330                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       128330                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       128330                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       128330                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  42193451234                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  42193451234                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     73233032                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     73233032                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  42266684266                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  42266684266                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  42266684266                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  42266684266                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      8329655                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8329655                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      6905596                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6905596                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        17741                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17741                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        16626                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16626                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     15235251                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15235251                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     15235251                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15235251                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.015302                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015302                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008423                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008423                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008423                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008423                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 331027.688519                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 331027.688519                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 84369.852535                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84369.852535                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 329359.341276                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 329359.341276                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 329359.341276                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 329359.341276                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8975                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            8975                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        87791                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        87791                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          720                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          720                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        88511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        88511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        88511                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        88511                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        39671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        39671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          148                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          148                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        39819                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        39819                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        39819                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39819                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  11280360931                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11280360931                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      9555085                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9555085                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  11289916016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11289916016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  11289916016                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11289916016                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 284347.783797                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 284347.783797                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 64561.385135                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64561.385135                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 283530.877621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 283530.877621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 283530.877621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 283530.877621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              518.448629                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              982958556                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1890304.915385                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    36.448629                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.058411                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11279215                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11279215                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11279215                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       11279215                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11279215                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      11279215                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     93755518                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     93755518                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     93755518                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     93755518                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     93755518                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     93755518                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11279271                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11279271                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11279271                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     11279271                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11279271                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     11279271                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1674205.678571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1674205.678571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1674205.678571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1674205.678571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1674205.678571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1674205.678571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     61949791                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61949791                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     61949791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     61949791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     61949791                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     61949791                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1630257.657895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1630257.657895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1630257.657895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1630257.657895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1630257.657895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1630257.657895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                51612                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              167105197                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                51868                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              3221.739743                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   234.189915                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    21.810085                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.914804                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.085196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      7952728                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7952728                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      6724678                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6724678                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        16420                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16420                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        15477                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15477                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     14677406                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       14677406                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     14677406                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      14677406                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       176331                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       176331                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5517                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5517                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       181848                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       181848                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       181848                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       181848                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  74268986617                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  74268986617                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3537464696                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3537464696                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  77806451313                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  77806451313                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  77806451313                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  77806451313                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      8129059                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8129059                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      6730195                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6730195                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        16420                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16420                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        15477                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15477                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     14859254                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14859254                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     14859254                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14859254                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.021691                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021691                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000820                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000820                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 421190.752715                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 421190.752715                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 641193.528367                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 641193.528367                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 427865.312310                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 427865.312310                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 427865.312310                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 427865.312310                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     38151627                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets            82                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 465263.743902                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18421                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total           18421                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       124869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       124869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         5367                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5367                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       130236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       130236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       130236                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       130236                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        51462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        51462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          150                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          150                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        51612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        51612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        51612                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        51612                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  17500987592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17500987592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     14756630                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14756630                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  17515744222                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17515744222                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  17515744222                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17515744222                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006331                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006331                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003473                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003473                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003473                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003473                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 340075.931600                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340075.931600                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 98377.533333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98377.533333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 339373.483337                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 339373.483337                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 339373.483337                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 339373.483337                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              493.625908                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              985798722                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1995543.971660                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    38.625908                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.061900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.791067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12215161                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12215161                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12215161                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       12215161                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12215161                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      12215161                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    165215955                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    165215955                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    165215955                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    165215955                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    165215955                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    165215955                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12215214                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12215214                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12215214                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     12215214                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12215214                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     12215214                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3117282.169811                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3117282.169811                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3117282.169811                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3117282.169811                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3117282.169811                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3117282.169811                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2086751                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 347791.833333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    112162690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    112162690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    112162690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    112162690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    112162690                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    112162690                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2875966.410256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2875966.410256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2875966.410256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2875966.410256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2875966.410256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2875966.410256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                36132                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              159763676                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                36388                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              4390.559415                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   233.416228                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    22.583772                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.911782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.088218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      9744214                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9744214                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      7239197                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7239197                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        18662                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18662                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        17609                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17609                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     16983411                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       16983411                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     16983411                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      16983411                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        92874                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        92874                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2149                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2149                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        95023                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        95023                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        95023                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        95023                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  21090157363                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21090157363                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    137654385                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    137654385                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  21227811748                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21227811748                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  21227811748                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21227811748                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      9837088                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9837088                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      7241346                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7241346                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        18662                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18662                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        17609                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17609                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     17078434                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17078434                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     17078434                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17078434                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009441                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009441                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000297                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000297                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 227083.547204                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 227083.547204                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 64055.088413                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64055.088413                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 223396.564495                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 223396.564495                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 223396.564495                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 223396.564495                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         7232                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets         7232                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8560                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            8560                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        56953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        56953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1938                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1938                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        58891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        58891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        58891                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        58891                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        35921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        36132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        36132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   8792603869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8792603869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     15412277                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15412277                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   8808016146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8808016146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   8808016146                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8808016146                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003652                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003652                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 244776.144010                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 244776.144010                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 73043.966825                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73043.966825                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 243773.279807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 243773.279807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 243773.279807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 243773.279807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              579.513843                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1010736978                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  585                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1727755.517949                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    39.381473                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   540.132370                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.063111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.865597                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.928708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     10729088                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10729088                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     10729088                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       10729088                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     10729088                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      10729088                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           62                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           62                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           62                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           62                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    113680381                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    113680381                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    113680381                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    113680381                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    113680381                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    113680381                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     10729150                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10729150                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     10729150                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     10729150                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     10729150                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     10729150                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1833554.532258                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1833554.532258                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1833554.532258                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1833554.532258                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1833554.532258                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1833554.532258                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     77507964                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     77507964                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     77507964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     77507964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     77507964                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     77507964                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1845427.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1845427.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1845427.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1845427.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1845427.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1845427.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                73220                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              432238360                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                73476                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              5882.714900                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   111.884058                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   144.115942                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.437047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.562953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data     28076599                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      28076599                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data     15377090                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     15377090                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         7942                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7942                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         7503                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7503                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     43453689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       43453689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     43453689                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      43453689                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       268264                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       268264                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          282                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          282                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       268546                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       268546                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       268546                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       268546                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 131573471626                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 131573471626                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    207336902                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    207336902                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 131780808528                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 131780808528                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 131780808528                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 131780808528                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     28344863                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     28344863                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     15377372                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15377372                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         7942                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7942                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         7503                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7503                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     43722235                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     43722235                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     43722235                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     43722235                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009464                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009464                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006142                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006142                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 490462.647340                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 490462.647340                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 735237.241135                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 735237.241135                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 490719.685000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 490719.685000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 490719.685000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 490719.685000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       254554                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       254554                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12531                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total           12531                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       195114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       195114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          212                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          212                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       195326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       195326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       195326                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       195326                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        73150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        73150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        73220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        73220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        73220                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        73220                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  34680226994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  34680226994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     53265090                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53265090                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  34733492084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  34733492084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  34733492084                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  34733492084                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002581                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002581                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001675                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001675                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 474097.429856                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 474097.429856                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 760929.857143                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 760929.857143                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 474371.648238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 474371.648238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 474371.648238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 474371.648238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              529.508422                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              987037868                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  531                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1858828.376648                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    39.508422                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.063315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.848571                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     10934353                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10934353                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     10934353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       10934353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     10934353                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      10934353                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     57578429                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     57578429                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     57578429                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     57578429                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     57578429                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     57578429                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     10934410                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10934410                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     10934410                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     10934410                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     10934410                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     10934410                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1010147.877193                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1010147.877193                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1010147.877193                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1010147.877193                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1010147.877193                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1010147.877193                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     47099298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     47099298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     47099298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     47099298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     47099298                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     47099298                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1148763.365854                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1148763.365854                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1148763.365854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1148763.365854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1148763.365854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1148763.365854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                64441                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              175195701                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                64697                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              2707.941651                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   234.291051                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    21.708949                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.915199                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.084801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      7576116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7576116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      6275247                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6275247                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        18072                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18072                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        14641                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14641                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     13851363                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       13851363                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     13851363                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      13851363                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       167630                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       167630                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          888                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          888                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       168518                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       168518                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       168518                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       168518                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  73894897514                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  73894897514                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    342664491                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    342664491                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  74237562005                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  74237562005                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  74237562005                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  74237562005                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      7743746                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7743746                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      6276135                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6276135                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        18072                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18072                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        14641                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14641                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     14019881                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14019881                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     14019881                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14019881                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.021647                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021647                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000141                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012020                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012020                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012020                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012020                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 440821.437177                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 440821.437177                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 385883.435811                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 385883.435811                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 440531.943205                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 440531.943205                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 440531.943205                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 440531.943205                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       346585                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 173292.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7593                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            7593                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       103309                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       103309                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          768                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          768                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       104077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       104077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       104077                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       104077                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        64321                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        64321                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          120                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          120                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        64441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        64441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        64441                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        64441                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  29283002879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29283002879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     30961911                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30961911                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  29313964790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29313964790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  29313964790                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29313964790                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008306                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008306                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.004596                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004596                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.004596                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004596                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 455263.489047                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 455263.489047                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 258015.925000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 258015.925000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 454896.180848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454896.180848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 454896.180848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454896.180848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              560.212031                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              899247721                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  564                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1594410.852837                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    35.060095                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   525.151937                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.056186                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.841590                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.897776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     11431874                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11431874                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     11431874                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       11431874                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     11431874                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      11431874                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     83634573                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     83634573                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     83634573                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     83634573                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     83634573                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     83634573                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     11431921                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11431921                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     11431921                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     11431921                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     11431921                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     11431921                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1779459                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1779459                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1779459                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total      1779459                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1779459                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total      1779459                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     68550170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68550170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     68550170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     68550170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     68550170                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     68550170                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1852707.297297                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1852707.297297                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1852707.297297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1852707.297297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1852707.297297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1852707.297297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                51458                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              217466088                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                51714                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              4205.168581                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   200.287213                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    55.712787                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.782372                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.217628                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data     16811976                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      16811976                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      3227754                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3227754                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         7636                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7636                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         7572                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7572                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     20039730                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       20039730                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     20039730                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      20039730                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       181737                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       181737                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          305                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          305                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       182042                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       182042                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       182042                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       182042                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  82224475623                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  82224475623                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     26349198                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     26349198                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  82250824821                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  82250824821                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  82250824821                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  82250824821                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     16993713                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     16993713                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      3228059                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3228059                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         7636                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7636                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         7572                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7572                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     20221772                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20221772                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     20221772                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20221772                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.010694                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010694                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000094                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 452436.628881                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 452436.628881                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 86390.813115                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86390.813115                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 451823.341982                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 451823.341982                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 451823.341982                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 451823.341982                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6063                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            6063                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       130345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       130345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          238                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          238                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       130583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       130583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       130583                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       130583                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        51392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        51392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        51459                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        51459                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        51459                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        51459                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  16590447644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16590447644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      4371064                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4371064                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  16594818708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16594818708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  16594818708                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16594818708                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 322821.599549                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 322821.599549                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 65239.761194                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65239.761194                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 322486.226083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 322486.226083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 322486.226083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 322486.226083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              518.116983                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              982355676                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1892785.502890                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    43.116983                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.069098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11905314                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11905314                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11905314                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       11905314                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11905314                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      11905314                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    106900807                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    106900807                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    106900807                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    106900807                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    106900807                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    106900807                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11905365                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11905365                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11905365                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     11905365                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11905365                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     11905365                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2096094.254902                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2096094.254902                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2096094.254902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2096094.254902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2096094.254902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2096094.254902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       289948                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       289948                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     95269633                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     95269633                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     95269633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     95269633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     95269633                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     95269633                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2165218.931818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2165218.931818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2165218.931818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2165218.931818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2165218.931818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2165218.931818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                39808                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              161747248                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                40064                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              4037.221645                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   233.860202                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    22.139798                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.913516                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.086484                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      8198479                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8198479                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      6902859                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6902859                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        17972                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17972                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        16621                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16621                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     15101338                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       15101338                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     15101338                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      15101338                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       127363                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       127363                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          900                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          900                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       128263                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       128263                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       128263                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       128263                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  42371455843                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  42371455843                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     76173005                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     76173005                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  42447628848                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  42447628848                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  42447628848                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  42447628848                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      8325842                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8325842                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      6903759                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6903759                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        17972                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17972                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        16621                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16621                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     15229601                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15229601                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     15229601                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15229601                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.015297                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015297                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000130                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000130                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008422                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008422                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008422                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008422                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 332682.614598                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 332682.614598                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 84636.672222                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84636.672222                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 330942.117742                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 330942.117742                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 330942.117742                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 330942.117742                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8972                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            8972                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        87705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        87705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          748                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          748                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        88453                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        88453                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        88453                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        88453                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        39658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        39658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        39810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        39810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        39810                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39810                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  11294062137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11294062137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      9809884                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9809884                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  11303872021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11303872021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  11303872021                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11303872021                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 284786.477810                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 284786.477810                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 64538.710526                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64538.710526                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 283945.541849                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 283945.541849                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 283945.541849                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 283945.541849                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              529.751317                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              987048387                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  532                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1855354.110902                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    39.751317                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.063704                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.848960                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     10944872                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10944872                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     10944872                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       10944872                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     10944872                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      10944872                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           62                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           62                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           62                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           62                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     83492406                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     83492406                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     83492406                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     83492406                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     83492406                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     83492406                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     10944934                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10944934                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     10944934                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     10944934                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     10944934                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     10944934                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1346651.709677                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1346651.709677                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1346651.709677                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1346651.709677                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1346651.709677                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1346651.709677                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     59340202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59340202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     59340202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     59340202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     59340202                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     59340202                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1412861.952381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1412861.952381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1412861.952381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1412861.952381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1412861.952381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1412861.952381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                64435                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              175206016                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                64691                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              2708.352259                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   234.287703                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    21.712297                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.915186                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.084814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      7582166                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7582166                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      6279555                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6279555                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        18019                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18019                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        14651                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14651                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     13861721                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       13861721                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     13861721                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      13861721                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       167952                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       167952                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          839                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          839                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       168791                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       168791                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       168791                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       168791                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  73475632990                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  73475632990                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    308551028                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    308551028                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  73784184018                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  73784184018                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  73784184018                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  73784184018                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      7750118                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7750118                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      6280394                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6280394                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        18019                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18019                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        14651                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14651                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     14030512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14030512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     14030512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14030512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.021671                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021671                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000134                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 437479.952546                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 437479.952546                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 367760.462455                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 367760.462455                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 437133.401769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 437133.401769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 437133.401769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 437133.401769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       171251                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       171251                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7595                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            7595                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       103636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       103636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          720                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          720                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       104356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       104356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       104356                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       104356                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        64316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        64316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          119                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          119                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        64435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        64435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        64435                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        64435                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  29084176608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29084176608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     28950690                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     28950690                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  29113127298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29113127298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  29113127298                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29113127298                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008299                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008299                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004592                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004592                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004592                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004592                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 452207.485043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 452207.485043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 243283.109244                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 243283.109244                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 451821.638830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 451821.638830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 451821.638830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 451821.638830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              518.368778                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              982973945                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1890334.509615                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    36.368778                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.058283                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11294604                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11294604                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11294604                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       11294604                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11294604                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      11294604                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    100994243                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    100994243                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    100994243                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    100994243                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    100994243                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    100994243                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11294660                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11294660                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11294660                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     11294660                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11294660                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     11294660                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1803468.625000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1803468.625000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1803468.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1803468.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1803468.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1803468.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     68047319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68047319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     68047319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     68047319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     68047319                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     68047319                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1790718.921053                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1790718.921053                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1790718.921053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1790718.921053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1790718.921053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1790718.921053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                51672                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              167126617                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                51928                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              3218.429691                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   234.195619                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    21.804381                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.914827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.085173                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      7963690                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7963690                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      6735060                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6735060                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        16472                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16472                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        15501                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15501                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     14698750                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       14698750                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     14698750                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      14698750                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       176571                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       176571                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         5522                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5522                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       182093                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       182093                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       182093                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       182093                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  73774517886                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  73774517886                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3335401849                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3335401849                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  77109919735                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  77109919735                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  77109919735                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  77109919735                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      8140261                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8140261                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      6740582                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6740582                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        16472                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16472                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        15501                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15501                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     14880843                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14880843                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     14880843                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14880843                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.021691                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021691                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000819                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000819                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012237                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012237                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012237                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012237                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 417817.862990                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 417817.862990                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 604020.617349                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 604020.617349                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 423464.491963                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 423464.491963                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 423464.491963                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 423464.491963                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     32435286                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets            86                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 377154.488372                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18414                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total           18414                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       125052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       125052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         5369                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5369                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       130421                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       130421                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       130421                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       130421                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        51519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        51519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        51672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        51672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        51672                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        51672                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  17357024034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17357024034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     15879158                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15879158                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  17372903192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17372903192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  17372903192                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17372903192                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006329                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006329                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003472                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003472                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003472                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003472                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 336905.297735                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 336905.297735                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 103785.346405                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103785.346405                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 336215.033132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 336215.033132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 336215.033132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 336215.033132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
