
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.013200                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 13200445248                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               578498877075                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 388665                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   497528                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 299770                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67760036                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 44035.27                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17114953407                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   21908787519                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       255488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       176512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       137472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       176512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       254976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       137472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       517504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       176640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       137472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       445440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       446208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       176512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       254464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       176000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       255104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       176640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              3975296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           74880                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1062528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1062528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         1996                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         1379                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         1074                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         1379                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         1992                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         1074                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         4043                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         1380                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         1074                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         3480                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         3486                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         1379                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         1988                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         1375                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         1993                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         1380                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 31057                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            8301                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 8301                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       290899                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     19354499                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       387866                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     13371670                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       349079                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     10414194                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       387866                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     13371670                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       300596                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     19315712                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       349079                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     10414194                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       339382                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     39203526                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       416956                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     13381367                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       349079                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     10414194                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       349079                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     33744316                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       349079                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     33802496                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       387866                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     13371670                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       281203                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     19276926                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       416956                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     13332884                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       339382                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     19325409                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       378169                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     13381367                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               301148630                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       290899                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       387866                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       349079                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       387866                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       300596                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       349079                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       339382                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       416956                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       349079                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       349079                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       349079                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       387866                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       281203                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       416956                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       339382                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       378169                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            5672536                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          80491830                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               80491830                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          80491830                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       290899                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     19354499                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       387866                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     13371670                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       349079                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     10414194                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       387866                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     13371670                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       300596                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     19315712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       349079                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     10414194                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       339382                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     39203526                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       416956                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     13381367                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       349079                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     10414194                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       349079                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     33744316                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       349079                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     33802496                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       387866                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     13371670                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       281203                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     19276926                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       416956                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     13332884                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       339382                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     19325409                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       378169                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     13381367                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              381640460                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               31655745                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        2183318                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1953413                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       175165                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1463490                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1434635                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         128375                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5264                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23127522                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             12412064                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           2183318                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      1563010                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2768120                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        576682                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       917391                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1400416                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       171586                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     27213612                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.510163                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.744476                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       24445492     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         426058      1.57%     91.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         210894      0.77%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         420475      1.55%     93.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         130975      0.48%     94.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         390012      1.43%     95.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          60417      0.22%     95.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          96676      0.36%     96.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1032613      3.79%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     27213612                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.068971                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.392095                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       22926971                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      1123589                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2762415                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         2292                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       398341                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       202800                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred         2208                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     13858532                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         5104                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       398341                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       22950622                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        711006                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       339013                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2738707                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        75919                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     13837395                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           24                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        10613                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        56996                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     18110479                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     62673164                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     62673164                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     14646430                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        3464031                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         1829                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          930                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          179198                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      2518594                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       398615                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3312                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        90435                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         13765552                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1835                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        12876221                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8731                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2513220                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      5163582                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           18                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27213612                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.473154                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.085275                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21569958     79.26%     79.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1753696      6.44%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1915775      7.04%     92.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1100628      4.04%     96.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       561062      2.06%     98.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       140500      0.52%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       164872      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3857      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3264      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27213612                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         21159     57.17%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8680     23.45%     80.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7172     19.38%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10083380     78.31%     78.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        99336      0.77%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          901      0.01%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2297518     17.84%     96.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       395086      3.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     12876221                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.406758                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             37011                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002874                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53011795                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16280657                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12547062                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     12913232                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10115                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       515636                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           18                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           52                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10308                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       398341                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        628420                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         9038                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13767402                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1789                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2518594                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       398615                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          928                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4577                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          235                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           52                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       117524                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        67917                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       185441                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12713625                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2264979                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       162595                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  15                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            2660028                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1934084                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           395049                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.401621                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             12550064                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            12547062                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         7599969                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        16461182                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.396360                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.461690                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000002                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     11236447                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2531484                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1817                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       173890                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26815271                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.419032                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.286889                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22641564     84.44%     84.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1632437      6.09%     90.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1055986      3.94%     94.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       331112      1.23%     95.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       555306      2.07%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       105796      0.39%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67494      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        61074      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       364502      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26815271                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     11236447                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              2391262                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             2002955                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               907                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1725938                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         9812683                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       138175                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       364502                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           40218661                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          27934541                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                518700                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               4442133                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            11236447                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     3.165574                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               3.165574                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.315898                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.315898                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       59130002                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      16327483                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      14753069                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         1814                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               31655745                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        2454531                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2008790                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       240937                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1012546                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         964497                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         253333                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        11029                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23610465                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             13727160                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           2454531                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      1217830                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2864938                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        658497                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      1223505                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1445958                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       241037                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     28113371                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599579                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.935891                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       25248433     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         134524      0.48%     90.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         212250      0.75%     91.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         286317      1.02%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         294784      1.05%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         249725      0.89%     94.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         140286      0.50%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         207689      0.74%     95.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        1339363      4.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     28113371                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.077538                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.433639                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       23369793                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      1466623                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2859492                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         3283                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       414179                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       403477                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          260                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     16840436                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1532                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       414179                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       23434106                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        202584                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      1116286                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2799005                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       147208                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     16833125                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           18                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        21614                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        63213                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     23491427                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     78309491                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     78309491                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     20341769                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        3149629                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         4067                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2068                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          436900                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      1575689                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       853343                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        10020                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       254682                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         16809205                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4081                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        15954708                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2400                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1872813                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4492863                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           50                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     28113371                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567513                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.257898                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21322247     75.84%     75.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2823289     10.04%     85.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1422277      5.06%     90.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1046448      3.72%     94.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       824748      2.93%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       337549      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       211575      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       110570      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        14668      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     28113371                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3120     11.72%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9886     37.15%     48.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13606     51.13%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     13417497     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       238681      1.50%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1999      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1446009      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       850522      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     15954708                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.504007                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26612                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001668                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     60051795                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18686173                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15714037                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     15981320                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        32197                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       254480                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           76                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12912                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       414179                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        167367                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        14114                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16813312                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7604                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1575689                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       853343                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2068                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11946                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           76                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       139885                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       135764                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       275649                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15733878                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1360415                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       220826                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            2210869                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        2235566                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           850454                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.497031                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             15714156                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            15714037                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         9022918                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        24307495                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.496404                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.371199                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11858012                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     14590666                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2222644                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4031                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       243747                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27699192                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526754                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.368847                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21679215     78.27%     78.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2998811     10.83%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1119345      4.04%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       534126      1.93%     95.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       470768      1.70%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       259465      0.94%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       213294      0.77%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       102718      0.37%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       321450      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27699192                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     11858012                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     14590666                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              2161640                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             1321209                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              2012                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          2104025                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        13145909                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       300413                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       321450                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           44190974                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          34040834                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                358926                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               3542374                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          11858012                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            14590666                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     11858012                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.669566                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.669566                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.374593                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.374593                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       70811946                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      21893308                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      15612835                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         4026                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  7                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               31655745                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        2742324                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2283483                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       250712                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1049608                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1001784                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         294207                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        11704                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23847264                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             15041923                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           2742324                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      1295991                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             3134588                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        697554                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      2209895                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.MiscStallCycles         5255                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           84                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1482019                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       239599                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     29641628                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.623487                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.986085                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       26507040     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         192220      0.65%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         244023      0.82%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         386202      1.30%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         160120      0.54%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         206934      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         241771      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         110025      0.37%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        1593293      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     29641628                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.086630                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.475172                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       23711986                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      2364258                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         3119498                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         1601                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       444280                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       416985                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          262                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     18379800                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1486                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       444280                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       23736667                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         77333                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      2219139                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         3096404                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        67795                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     18266069                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         9751                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        47062                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     25518541                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     84936445                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     84936445                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     21338819                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        4179722                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         4439                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2322                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          241054                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      1708306                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       893828                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        10470                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       201310                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         17832332                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4456                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        17103495                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17357                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2169249                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4418889                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          186                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     29641628                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577009                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301315                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     22394551     75.55%     75.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      3305786     11.15%     86.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1350569      4.56%     91.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       758150      2.56%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      1026111      3.46%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       315144      1.06%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       310610      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       167359      0.56%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        13348      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     29641628                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        118429     79.30%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        15628     10.46%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        15291     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     14409777     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       233690      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         2116      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1567123      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       890789      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     17103495                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.540297                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            149348                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008732                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     64015323                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     20006146                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     16658409                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     17252843                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        12876                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       321205                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          111                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12346                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            4                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       444280                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         58895                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         7508                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     17836791                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        13632                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1708306                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       893828                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2323                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         6613                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           10                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          111                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       147579                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       141125                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       288704                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     16805588                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1541920                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       297907                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            2432594                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        2376622                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           890674                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.530886                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             16658515                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            16658409                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         9981188                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        26803260                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.526237                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.372387                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     12414205                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     15297407                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2539481                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4270                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       252672                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29197348                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523931                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.342566                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22723285     77.83%     77.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3281035     11.24%     89.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1190068      4.08%     93.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       594241      2.04%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       543035      1.86%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       228489      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       225645      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       107342      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       304208      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29197348                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     12414205                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     15297407                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              2268583                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             1387101                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              2130                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          2217325                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        13772654                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       315882                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       304208                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           46729937                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          36118071                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                363214                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               2014117                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          12414205                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            15297407                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     12414205                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.549962                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.549962                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.392163                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.392163                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       75620231                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      23281255                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      17003137                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         4266                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               31655745                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        2458706                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2012221                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       241351                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1014252                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         966129                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         253749                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        11041                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23649804                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             13750223                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           2458706                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      1219878                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2869761                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        659642                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      1207976                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1448375                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       241442                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     28142732                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599962                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.936447                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       25272971     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         134742      0.48%     90.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         212587      0.76%     91.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         286830      1.02%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         295283      1.05%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         250154      0.89%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         140526      0.50%     94.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         208020      0.74%     95.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1341619      4.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     28142732                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.077670                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.434367                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       23408679                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      1451554                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2864293                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         3298                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       414907                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       404159                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          260                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     16868775                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1532                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       414907                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       23473110                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        198935                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      1104622                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2803702                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       147453                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     16861445                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           20                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        21631                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        63330                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     23530937                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     78441179                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     78441179                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     20375608                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        3155329                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         4073                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2071                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          437735                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      1578346                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       854753                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        10039                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       255011                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         16837489                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4086                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        15981482                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2399                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1876162                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4500684                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           51                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     28142732                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567872                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258223                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21340334     75.83%     75.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2827859     10.05%     85.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1424677      5.06%     90.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1048217      3.72%     94.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       826129      2.94%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       338132      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       211934      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       110762      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        14688      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     28142732                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3124     11.72%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9897     37.14%     48.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13626     51.14%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     13440030     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       239079      1.50%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         2002      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1448445      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       851926      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     15981482                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.504852                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26647                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001667                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     60134742                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18717811                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15740414                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     16008129                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        32278                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       254932                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           76                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12932                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       414907                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        163607                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        14162                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16841601                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7604                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1578346                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       854753                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2071                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11991                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           76                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       140111                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       136012                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       276123                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15760282                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1362711                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       221200                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            2214569                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        2239360                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           851858                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.497865                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             15740533                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            15740414                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         9038036                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        24348453                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.497237                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.371195                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11877723                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     14614963                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2226652                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4035                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       244164                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27727825                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.527087                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369243                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21697977     78.25%     78.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3003684     10.83%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1121192      4.04%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       535020      1.93%     95.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       471473      1.70%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       259885      0.94%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       213679      0.77%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       102876      0.37%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       322039      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27727825                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     11877723                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     14614963                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              2165235                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             1323414                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              2014                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          2107574                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        13167748                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       300908                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       322039                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           44247323                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          34098156                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                359537                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               3513013                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          11877723                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            14614963                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     11877723                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.665136                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.665136                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.375215                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.375215                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       70930671                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      21930010                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      15639035                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         4030                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               31655745                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        2192121                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1961588                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       175738                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1466383                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1441200                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         128523                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5203                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23221660                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             12458947                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           2192121                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      1569723                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2778823                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        578728                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       885600                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1405969                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       172152                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     27288132                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.510661                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.745199                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       24509309     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         428035      1.57%     91.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         211538      0.78%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         422369      1.55%     93.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         131210      0.48%     94.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         391777      1.44%     95.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          60549      0.22%     95.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          97005      0.36%     96.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1036340      3.80%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     27288132                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.069249                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.393576                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       23020498                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      1092401                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2773208                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         2217                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       399804                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       203563                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred         2215                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     13910095                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         5130                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       399804                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       23044210                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        678950                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       339648                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2749434                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        76082                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     13889054                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           25                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        10517                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        57330                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     18175833                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     62902500                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     62902500                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     14698194                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        3477622                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         1834                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          933                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          178813                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      2530141                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       399481                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3266                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        90222                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         13816955                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1840                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        12923315                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8715                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2523513                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      5186278                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           19                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27288132                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.473587                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.085504                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21622938     79.24%     79.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1760262      6.45%     85.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1923762      7.05%     92.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1105020      4.05%     96.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       562940      2.06%     98.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       140979      0.52%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       165086      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3862      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3283      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27288132                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         21218     57.14%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8732     23.52%     80.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7182     19.34%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10119482     78.30%     78.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        99574      0.77%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          903      0.01%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2307416     17.85%     96.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       395940      3.06%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     12923315                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.408245                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             37132                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002873                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53180606                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16342353                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12593032                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     12960447                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9978                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       518174                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           18                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           48                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10237                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       399804                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        596163                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         9007                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13818813                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1776                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2530141                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       399481                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          931                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4524                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          240                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           48                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118002                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        68205                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       186207                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12759775                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2274525                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       163537                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  18                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            2670433                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        1941699                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           395908                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.403079                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             12595796                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            12593032                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         7627920                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        16511347                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.397812                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.461980                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10038055                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     11277512                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2541842                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1821                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       174462                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26888328                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.419420                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.287561                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22699779     84.42%     84.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1638480      6.09%     90.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1059428      3.94%     94.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       332024      1.23%     95.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       557634      2.07%     97.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       105894      0.39%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67712      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        61190      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       366187      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26888328                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     10038055                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     11277512                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              2401208                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             2011964                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               909                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1732426                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         9848024                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       138525                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       366187                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           40341456                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          28038853                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                520717                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               4367613                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          10038055                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            11277512                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     10038055                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     3.153574                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               3.153574                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.317101                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.317101                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       59345800                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      16385289                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      14809741                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         1818                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  7                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               31655745                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        2741875                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2283137                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       250584                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1049479                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1002084                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         294195                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        11697                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23848684                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             15041399                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           2741875                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      1296279                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             3134670                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        696926                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      2209094                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.MiscStallCycles         5256                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           84                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1481906                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       239440                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     29641834                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.623457                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.985998                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       26507164     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         192187      0.65%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         244041      0.82%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         386536      1.30%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         160172      0.54%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         206774      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         241788      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         110128      0.37%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        1593044      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     29641834                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.086615                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.475155                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       23713385                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      2363486                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         3119567                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         1607                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       443784                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       416873                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          262                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     18378947                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1486                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       443784                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       23738133                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         77270                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      2218329                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         3096399                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        67909                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     18265057                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           20                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         9735                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        47136                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     25517396                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     84934099                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     84934099                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     21342926                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        4174465                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         4445                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2327                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          241713                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      1708047                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       893901                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        10352                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       201244                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         17831428                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4461                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        17103517                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17292                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2167028                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4413599                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          191                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     29641834                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577006                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301306                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     22394375     75.55%     75.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      3306417     11.15%     86.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1350311      4.56%     91.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       758334      2.56%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      1026135      3.46%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       314747      1.06%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       310764      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       167391      0.56%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        13360      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     29641834                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        118512     79.32%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        15594     10.44%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        15297     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     14409622     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       233709      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         2117      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1567245      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       890824      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     17103517                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.540297                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            149403                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008735                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     64015563                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     20003026                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     16659062                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     17252920                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        12769                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       320655                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          111                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12227                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            2                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       443784                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         58833                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         7518                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     17835892                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        13646                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1708047                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       893901                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2328                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         6626                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            8                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          111                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       147529                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       140865                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       288394                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     16806144                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1542145                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       297373                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            2432857                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        2376549                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           890712                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.530903                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             16659179                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            16659062                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         9982375                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        26807355                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.526257                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.372374                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     12416624                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     15300422                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2535562                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4270                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       252543                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29198050                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524022                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.342674                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22722703     77.82%     77.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3281895     11.24%     89.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1189994      4.08%     93.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       594390      2.04%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       543177      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       228646      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       225577      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       107375      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       304293      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29198050                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     12416624                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     15300422                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              2269063                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             1387389                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              2130                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          2217783                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        13775364                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       315950                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       304293                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           46729650                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          36115772                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                363083                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               2013911                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          12416624                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            15300422                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     12416624                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.549465                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.549465                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.392239                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.392239                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       75624067                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      23282183                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      17002910                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         4266                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               31655745                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        2130582                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1921967                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       113156                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       801298                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         758312                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         117328                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5063                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22565186                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             13385676                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           2130582                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       875640                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2645552                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        357436                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      3183804                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1296369                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       113482                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     28635982                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548413                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.849104                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       25990430     90.76%     90.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          93412      0.33%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         192564      0.67%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          82095      0.29%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         438872      1.53%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         391889      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          74960      0.26%     95.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         159249      0.56%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        1212511      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     28635982                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.067305                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.422851                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       22333922                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      3416787                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2635551                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         8522                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       241195                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       187328                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          245                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     15694533                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1475                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       241195                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       22364519                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       3163092                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       151586                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2616886                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        98699                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     15684478                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents           52                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        49249                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        33180                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents          913                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     18422018                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     73858208                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     73858208                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     16296209                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        2125786                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         1830                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          930                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          232753                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      3698000                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      1868682                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        17192                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        91702                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         15651614                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1835                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        15032325                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         9150                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1234768                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2967038                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           24                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     28635982                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.524945                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.315520                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     23239394     81.15%     81.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1644439      5.74%     86.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1335573      4.66%     91.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       576223      2.01%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       720691      2.52%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       681589      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       388263      1.36%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        30696      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        19114      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     28635982                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         37693     11.26%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead       288546     86.22%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8416      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9433616     62.76%     62.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       131268      0.87%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          898      0.01%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3602687     23.97%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1863856     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     15032325                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.474869                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            334655                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022262                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     59044435                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16888643                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14902179                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     15366980                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27217                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       147679                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           66                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          427                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12538                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1320                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       241195                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       3089632                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        29152                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15653470                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          201                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3698000                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1868682                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          931                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        18014                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           20                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          427                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        64602                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        67850                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       132452                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14926232                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3590822                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       106091                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  21                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            5454425                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        1956366                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          1863603                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.471517                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             14902705                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            14902179                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         8053139                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        15899394                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.470757                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.506506                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     12096755                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     14215130                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1440004                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1811                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       115436                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     28394787                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.500625                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.318911                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     23219522     81.77%     81.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1904649      6.71%     88.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       886434      3.12%     91.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       873675      3.08%     94.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       241129      0.85%     95.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       998340      3.52%     99.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        76219      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        55494      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       139325      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     28394787                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     12096755                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     14215130                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              5406451                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             3550312                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               904                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1877515                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        12640229                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       137636                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       139325                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           43910557                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          31551518                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                485843                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               3019763                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          12096755                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            14215130                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     12096755                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.616879                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.616879                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.382135                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.382135                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       73781471                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      17313140                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      18679237                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         1808                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               31655745                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        2458211                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2012200                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       242825                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1011334                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         965766                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         253137                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10953                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23657827                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             13744779                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           2458211                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      1218903                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2869182                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        663767                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      1185749                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.MiscStallCycles          456                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1450025                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       242886                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     28131081                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600107                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.936674                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       25261899     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         134501      0.48%     90.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         212813      0.76%     91.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         286596      1.02%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         295247      1.05%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         250392      0.89%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         140485      0.50%     94.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         207309      0.74%     95.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1341839      4.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     28131081                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.077654                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.434195                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       23416845                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      1429623                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2863659                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         3398                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       417555                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       403697                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          266                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     16866235                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1550                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       417555                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       23481562                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        200924                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      1080573                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2802961                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       147503                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     16858802                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           39                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        21295                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        63546                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     23527635                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     78427791                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     78427791                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     20347177                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        3180420                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         4104                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2102                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          439380                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      1581045                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       853027                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        10100                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       254222                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         16834913                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4119                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        15971463                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2405                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1891140                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4543382                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           87                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     28131081                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567751                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258220                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21333467     75.84%     75.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2826163     10.05%     85.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1422986      5.06%     90.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1047124      3.72%     94.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       826340      2.94%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       337875      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       211423      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       110941      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        14762      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     28131081                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3164     11.71%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        10257     37.97%     49.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13590     50.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     13432989     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       238679      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1999      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1447531      9.06%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       850265      5.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     15971463                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.504536                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             27011                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001691                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     60103415                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18730246                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15727777                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     15998474                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        32400                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       259491                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           14                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           77                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12381                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       417555                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        165456                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        14259                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16839058                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7335                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1581045                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       853027                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2105                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        12117                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           77                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       140564                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       137377                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       277941                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15747742                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1360914                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       223713                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            2211111                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        2237222                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           850197                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.497469                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             15727914                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            15727777                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         9032174                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        24339826                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.496838                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.371086                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11861127                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     14594486                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2244553                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4032                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       245630                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27713526                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526620                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.368844                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21691263     78.27%     78.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3002194     10.83%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1118548      4.04%     93.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       532902      1.92%     95.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       471245      1.70%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       258793      0.93%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       214314      0.77%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       102475      0.37%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       321792      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27713526                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     11861127                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     14594486                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              2162196                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             1321550                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              2012                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          2104591                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        13149313                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       300481                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       321792                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           44230695                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          34095676                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                360903                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               3524664                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          11861127                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            14594486                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     11861127                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.668865                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.668865                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.374691                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.374691                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       70870339                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      21914915                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      15630469                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         4028                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  7                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               31655745                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        2742696                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2283772                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       250741                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1049770                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1001944                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         294250                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        11706                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23850589                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             15043792                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           2742696                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      1296194                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             3135003                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        697630                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      2196805                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.MiscStallCycles         3798                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           84                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1482218                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       239627                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     29630868                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.623792                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.986520                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       26495865     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         192249      0.65%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         244064      0.82%     90.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         386247      1.30%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         160146      0.54%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         206967      0.70%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         241809      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         110049      0.37%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1593472      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     29630868                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.086641                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.475231                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       23713828                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      2351194                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         3119915                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         1599                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       444327                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       417054                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          262                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     18382136                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1486                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       444327                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       23738510                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         77334                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      2206073                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         3096818                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        67796                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     18268410                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         9751                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        47061                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     25521640                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     84947329                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     84947329                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     21341482                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        4180115                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         4440                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2322                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          241071                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      1708553                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       893972                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        10470                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       201326                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         17834624                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4456                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        17105694                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17360                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2169469                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4419358                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          186                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     29630868                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577293                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301568                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     22382830     75.54%     75.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      3306237     11.16%     86.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1350738      4.56%     91.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       758273      2.56%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      1026237      3.46%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       315180      1.06%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       310647      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       167376      0.56%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        13350      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     29630868                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        118444     79.30%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        15631     10.46%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        15294     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     14411590     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       233702      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         2117      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1567352      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       890933      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     17105694                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.540366                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            149369                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008732                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     64008984                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     20008658                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     16660559                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     17255063                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        12876                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       321246                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          111                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12346                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            4                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       444327                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         58898                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         7509                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     17839083                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        13632                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1708553                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       893972                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2323                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         6614                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           10                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          111                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       147598                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       141137                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       288735                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     16807761                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1542146                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       297932                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            2432964                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        2376956                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           890818                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.530955                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             16660665                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            16660559                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         9982424                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        26806656                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.526304                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.372386                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     12415803                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     15299418                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2539733                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4270                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       252701                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29186541                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524194                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.342855                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22711631     77.82%     77.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3281466     11.24%     89.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1190227      4.08%     93.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       594321      2.04%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       543102      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       228513      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       225667      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       107352      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       304262      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29186541                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     12415803                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     15299418                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              2268930                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             1387304                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              2130                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          2217641                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        13774460                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       315930                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       304262                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           46721339                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          36122673                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                363268                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               2024877                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          12415803                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            15299418                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     12415803                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.549633                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.549633                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.392213                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.392213                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       75629984                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      23284091                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      17005311                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         4266                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               31655745                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        2216607                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1812331                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       219098                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       937780                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         875473                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         227802                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9747                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21544953                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             12568176                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           2216607                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      1103275                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2634259                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        633269                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      1076853                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.MiscStallCycles          137                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1326414                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       220286                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     25665575                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598486                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.941611                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       23031316     89.74%     89.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         141994      0.55%     90.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         225818      0.88%     91.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         357949      1.39%     92.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         149892      0.58%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         168304      0.66%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         176843      0.69%     94.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         116795      0.46%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        1296664      5.05%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     25665575                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.070022                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.397027                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       21343587                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      1280377                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2625991                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         6556                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       409062                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       363518                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          280                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     15348115                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1653                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       409062                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       21374754                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        273349                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       913620                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2601808                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        92980                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     15337079                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents         3366                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        25974                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        34347                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents         6083                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     21286777                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     71340362                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     71340362                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     18175914                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        3110863                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         3995                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2234                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          278485                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      1465175                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       787377                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23288                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       178022                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         15315410                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4008                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        14502318                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19062                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1927471                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4292273                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          460                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25665575                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565049                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258178                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19544529     76.15%     76.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2460371      9.59%     85.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1343657      5.24%     90.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       915328      3.57%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       854493      3.33%     97.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       246623      0.96%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       190862      0.74%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        65306      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44406      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25665575                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3355     12.61%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        10198     38.34%     50.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13043     49.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12148289     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       228682      1.58%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1757      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1341617      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       781973      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     14502318                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.458126                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26596                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001834                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     54715869                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17247090                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14268230                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     14528914                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        43836                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       265497                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           44                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          206                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        24846                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          930                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       409062                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        175448                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13154                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15319442                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          589                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1465175                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       787377                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2236                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9594                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          206                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       128021                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       124837                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       252858                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14295872                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1262474                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       206446                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  24                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            2044066                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        2012620                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           781592                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.451604                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             14268453                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            14268230                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         8341368                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        21785891                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.450731                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.382879                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10676294                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     13086408                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2233124                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3548                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       223510                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     25256513                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518140                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369687                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19942050     78.96%     78.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2574367     10.19%     89.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1002865      3.97%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       539470      2.14%     95.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       404077      1.60%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       225135      0.89%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       139107      0.55%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       124260      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       305182      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     25256513                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     10676294                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     13086408                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              1962209                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             1199678                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              1770                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1878376                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        11791942                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       265836                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       305182                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           40270785                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          31048161                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                351031                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               5990170                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          10676294                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            13086408                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     10676294                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.965050                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.965050                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.337262                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.337262                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       64466766                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      19778497                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      14316307                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         3544                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               31655745                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        2225090                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1819689                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       219869                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       942909                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         878618                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         228564                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9780                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21615097                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             12616769                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           2225090                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      1107182                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2644931                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        636891                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      1043009                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1330826                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       221090                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     25715202                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599604                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.943281                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       23070271     89.71%     89.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         143507      0.56%     90.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         226951      0.88%     91.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         359083      1.40%     92.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         149922      0.58%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         169127      0.66%     93.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         177739      0.69%     94.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         116302      0.45%     94.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        1302300      5.06%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     25715202                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.070290                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.398562                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       21411960                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      1248211                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2636465                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         6699                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       411865                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       364485                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          278                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     15406297                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1678                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       411865                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       21444133                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        274495                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       875901                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2611486                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        97320                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     15394506                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents         3670                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        26433                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        34887                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents         9082                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     21367047                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     71609322                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     71609322                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     18233012                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        3134030                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         4028                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2264                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          282195                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      1471265                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       789897                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23548                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       179139                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         15371114                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4039                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        14552384                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18788                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1945282                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4320097                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          484                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25715202                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565906                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259081                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19572788     76.11%     76.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2470140      9.61%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1348384      5.24%     90.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       916810      3.57%     94.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       857288      3.33%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       247616      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       191949      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        65696      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44531      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25715202                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3305     12.45%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        10154     38.25%     50.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13085     49.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12189586     83.76%     83.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       229468      1.58%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1762      0.01%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1346973      9.26%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       784595      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     14552384                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.459708                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26544                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001824                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     54865302                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17320635                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14316115                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     14578928                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        44355                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       267825                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           44                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          206                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        24998                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          929                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       411865                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        185785                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13097                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15375185                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4426                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1471265                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       789897                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2264                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9540                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          206                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       128413                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       125329                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       253742                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14343938                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1267247                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       208446                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  32                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            2051458                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        2018947                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           784211                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.453123                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             14316346                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            14316115                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         8371922                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        21867415                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.452244                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.382849                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10709736                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     13127498                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2247736                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3555                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       224328                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     25303336                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518805                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370351                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19970919     78.93%     78.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2584260     10.21%     89.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1006056      3.98%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       540447      2.14%     95.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       405412      1.60%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       225984      0.89%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       139652      0.55%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       124543      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       306063      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     25303336                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     10709736                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     13127498                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              1968339                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             1203440                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              1774                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1884337                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        11828897                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       266665                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       306063                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           40372429                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          31162401                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                351925                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               5940543                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          10709736                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            13127498                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     10709736                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.955791                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.955791                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.338319                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.338319                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       64687016                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      19844254                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      14371228                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         3550                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               31655745                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        2456175                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2010143                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       241102                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1013212                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         965159                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         253491                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        11032                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23625944                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             13735977                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           2456175                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      1218650                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2866815                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        658921                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      1234476                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1446904                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       241200                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     28141957                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599357                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.935560                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       25275142     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         134613      0.48%     90.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         212379      0.75%     91.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         286543      1.02%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         294977      1.05%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         249896      0.89%     94.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         140380      0.50%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         207816      0.74%     95.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        1340211      4.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     28141957                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.077590                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.433917                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       23385120                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      1477746                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2861361                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         3291                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       414438                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       403748                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          260                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     16851330                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1532                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       414438                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       23449465                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        205535                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      1124398                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2800848                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       147270                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     16844033                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           20                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        21604                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        63251                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     23506616                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     78360222                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     78360222                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     20355089                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        3151505                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         4068                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2068                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          437140                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      1576713                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       853902                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        10025                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       254814                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         16820117                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4081                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        15965193                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2397                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1873846                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4495072                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           50                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     28141957                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567309                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.257717                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21346409     75.85%     75.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2825042     10.04%     85.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1423258      5.06%     90.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1047191      3.72%     94.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       825246      2.93%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       337779      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       211719      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       110635      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        14678      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     28141957                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3122     11.73%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9890     37.15%     48.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13612     51.13%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     13426317     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       238828      1.50%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         2000      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1446968      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       851080      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     15965193                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.504338                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26624                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001668                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     60101360                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18698118                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15724382                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     15991817                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        32237                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       254619                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           76                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12920                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       414438                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        170242                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        14127                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16824224                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7604                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1576713                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       853902                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2068                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11961                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           76                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       139977                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       135857                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       275834                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15744226                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1361331                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       220963                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            2212343                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        2237094                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           851012                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.497358                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             15724500                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            15724382                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         9028799                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        24323525                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.496731                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.371196                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11865752                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     14600253                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2223969                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4031                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       243912                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27727519                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526562                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.368655                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21703692     78.27%     78.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3000702     10.82%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1120078      4.04%     93.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       534458      1.93%     95.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       471037      1.70%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       259627      0.94%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       213442      0.77%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       102778      0.37%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       321705      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27727519                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     11865752                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     14600253                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              2163073                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             1322091                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              2012                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          2105451                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        13154500                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       300607                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       321705                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           44229958                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          34062917                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                359169                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               3513788                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          11865752                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            14600253                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     11865752                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.667825                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.667825                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.374837                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.374837                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       70858390                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      21907654                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      15622891                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         4026                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               31655745                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        2183983                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1953746                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       175300                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1459964                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1435319                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         128350                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5279                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23134113                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             12412392                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           2183983                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      1563669                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2768756                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        576755                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       914584                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1400896                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       171741                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     27217969                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.510097                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.744297                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       24449213     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         426558      1.57%     91.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         210692      0.77%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         420858      1.55%     93.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         131073      0.48%     94.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         390139      1.43%     95.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          60372      0.22%     95.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          96433      0.35%     96.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1032631      3.79%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     27217969                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.068992                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.392106                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       22932868                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      1121422                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2763103                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         2290                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       398282                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       203145                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred         2204                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     13859240                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         5074                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       398282                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       22956490                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        706524                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       341055                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2739381                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        76233                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     13838277                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           25                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        10666                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        57309                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     18111450                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     62673385                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     62673385                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     14648164                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        3463286                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         1828                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          929                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          179172                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      2518803                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       398732                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3461                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        90819                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         13765577                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1834                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        12876435                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8668                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2511712                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      5159794                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           17                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27217969                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.473086                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.085053                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21572987     79.26%     79.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1754651      6.45%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1916648      7.04%     92.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1100424      4.04%     96.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       561210      2.06%     98.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       140333      0.52%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       164571      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3875      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3270      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27217969                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         21207     57.19%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8709     23.49%     80.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7165     19.32%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10083699     78.31%     78.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        99388      0.77%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          901      0.01%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2297339     17.84%     96.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       395108      3.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     12876435                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.406765                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             37081                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002880                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53016588                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16279166                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12547410                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     12913516                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10071                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       515728                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           46                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10358                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       398282                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        623564                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         9049                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13767428                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1763                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2518803                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       398732                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          927                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4562                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          222                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           46                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       117666                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        67934                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       185600                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12714044                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2265290                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       162391                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  17                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            2660365                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        1934776                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           395075                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.401635                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             12550368                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            12547410                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         7599714                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        16454545                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.396371                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.461861                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000999                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     11237708                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2530245                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1817                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       174031                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26819687                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.419010                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.286786                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22644906     84.43%     84.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1633357      6.09%     90.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1056105      3.94%     94.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       330893      1.23%     95.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       555628      2.07%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       105834      0.39%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67417      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        61098      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       364449      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26819687                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     10000999                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     11237708                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              2391449                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             2003075                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               907                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1726134                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         9813829                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       138211                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       364449                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           40223152                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          27934519                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                519155                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               4437776                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          10000999                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            11237708                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     10000999                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     3.165258                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               3.165258                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.315930                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.315930                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       59129518                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      16327159                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      14753633                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         1814                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               31653613                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        2454183                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2008368                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       241906                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1008099                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         963546                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         252510                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10996                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23599468                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             13724171                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           2454183                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      1216056                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2863891                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        662741                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      1243623                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.MiscStallCycles          456                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1446480                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       242018                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     28125197                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599308                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.935657                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       25261306     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         134002      0.48%     90.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         211266      0.75%     91.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         286808      1.02%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         295416      1.05%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         249738      0.89%     94.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         138797      0.49%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         207341      0.74%     95.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1340523      4.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     28125197                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.077532                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.433574                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       23359510                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      1486472                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2858409                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         3357                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       417448                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       403613                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          265                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     16840224                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1550                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       417448                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       23423883                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        193041                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      1146148                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2797993                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       146681                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     16832643                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           34                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        21093                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        63256                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     23486695                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     78304323                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     78304323                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     20302656                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        3183895                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         4090                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2090                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          436892                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      1578242                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       851931                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9947                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       309716                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         16808419                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4104                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        15941589                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2314                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1896462                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4559386                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           80                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     28125197                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566808                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.254960                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21298698     75.73%     75.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2869908     10.20%     85.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1437314      5.11%     91.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1030325      3.66%     94.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       815336      2.90%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       337002      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       211457      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       110274      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        14883      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     28125197                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3134     11.64%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        10236     38.01%     49.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13561     50.35%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     13407867     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       238222      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1995      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1444416      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       849089      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     15941589                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.503626                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26931                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001689                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     60037620                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18709059                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15697931                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     15968520                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        31783                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       259562                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           78                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        13108                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       417448                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        158042                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        14275                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16812555                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7408                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1578242                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       851931                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2095                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        12077                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           78                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       139583                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       137062                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       276645                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15718210                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1358190                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       223379                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  32                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            2207221                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        2233425                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           849031                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.496569                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             15698074                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            15697931                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         9015096                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        24293843                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.495929                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.371086                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11835221                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     14562591                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2249868                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4024                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       244709                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27707749                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525578                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.362315                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21662925     78.18%     78.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3030362     10.94%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1112084      4.01%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       532857      1.92%     95.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       491424      1.77%     96.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       259387      0.94%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       199811      0.72%     98.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       103199      0.37%     98.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       315700      1.14%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27707749                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     11835221                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     14562591                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              2157481                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             1318667                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              2008                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          2099975                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        13120602                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       299827                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       315700                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           44204430                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          34042494                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                359968                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               3528416                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          11835221                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            14562591                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     11835221                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.674527                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.674527                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.373898                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.373898                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       70733208                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      21870946                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      15606344                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         4020                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               31655745                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        2189512                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1959097                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       175678                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1464740                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1439403                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         128441                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5253                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23195933                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             12444515                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           2189512                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      1567844                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2775531                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        578185                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       902054                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1404646                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       172135                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     27275087                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.510277                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.744548                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       24499556     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         427499      1.57%     91.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         211172      0.77%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         421957      1.55%     93.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         131280      0.48%     94.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         391475      1.44%     95.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          60431      0.22%     95.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          96689      0.35%     96.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        1035028      3.79%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     27275087                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.069166                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.393120                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       22994871                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      1108772                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2769843                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         2282                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       399315                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       203279                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred         2224                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     13893036                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         5194                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       399315                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       23018510                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        709546                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       325071                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2746149                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        76492                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     13871915                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        10856                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        57459                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     18153335                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     62823648                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     62823648                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     14680101                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        3473217                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         1833                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          932                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          179792                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      2527139                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       399186                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3476                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        91043                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         13799117                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1838                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        12906607                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         9014                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2519452                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      5178503                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           21                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27275087                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.473201                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.085032                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21616358     79.25%     79.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1758620      6.45%     85.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1921834      7.05%     92.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1103517      4.05%     96.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       562353      2.06%     98.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       140440      0.51%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       164830      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3904      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3231      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27275087                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         21262     57.22%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8743     23.53%     80.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7155     19.25%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10106362     78.30%     78.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        99473      0.77%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          902      0.01%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2304299     17.85%     96.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       395571      3.06%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     12906607                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.407718                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             37160                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002879                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53134473                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16320445                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12576616                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     12943767                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10214                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       517728                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           40                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10364                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       399315                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        626522                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         9000                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13800973                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1804                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2527139                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       399186                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          931                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4552                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          233                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           40                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       117805                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        68173                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       185978                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12743464                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2271982                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       163141                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  18                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            2667513                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1939231                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           395531                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.402564                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             12579514                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            12576616                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         7617970                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        16490509                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.397293                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.461961                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10025569                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     11263661                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2537829                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1817                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       174394                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26875772                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.419101                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.287039                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22691816     84.43%     84.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1637065      6.09%     90.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1058183      3.94%     94.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       331372      1.23%     95.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       557229      2.07%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       105723      0.39%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67679      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        61131      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       365574      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26875772                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     10025569                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     11263661                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              2398229                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             2009407                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               907                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1730313                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         9835955                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       138373                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       365574                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           40311649                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          28002632                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                520492                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               4380658                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          10025569                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            11263661                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     10025569                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     3.157501                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               3.157501                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.316706                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.316706                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       59270186                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      16363936                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      14792471                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         1814                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               31655745                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        2460804                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2013850                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       242485                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1012582                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         965979                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         253350                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        11005                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23671498                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             13759854                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           2460804                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      1219329                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2871304                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        663454                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      1192588                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1450692                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       242565                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     28153255                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600218                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.936906                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       25281951     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         134634      0.48%     90.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         211845      0.75%     91.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         286689      1.02%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         296319      1.05%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         250869      0.89%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         139552      0.50%     94.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         208389      0.74%     95.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1343007      4.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     28153255                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.077736                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.434672                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       23430280                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      1436164                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2865888                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         3341                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       417581                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       404655                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          260                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     16882743                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1516                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       417581                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       23494550                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        193069                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      1095791                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2805652                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       146609                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     16875831                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           32                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        21230                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        63173                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     23549558                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     78504845                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     78504845                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     20368050                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        3181497                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         4071                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2069                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          436294                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      1581272                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       854726                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9945                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       245366                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         16852414                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4085                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        15987930                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2335                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1893691                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4546533                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           50                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     28153255                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567889                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258634                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21353870     75.85%     75.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2822639     10.03%     85.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1423120      5.05%     90.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1049600      3.73%     94.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       827607      2.94%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       338967      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       211837      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       110954      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        14661      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     28153255                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3144     11.60%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        10279     37.93%     49.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13677     50.47%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     13446543     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       239028      1.50%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         2001      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1448482      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       851876      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     15987930                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.505056                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             27100                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001695                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     60158550                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18750267                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15744509                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     16015030                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        32347                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       258370                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           80                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        13225                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       417581                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        157928                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        14251                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16856525                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7561                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1581272                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       854726                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2070                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        12061                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           80                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       140325                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       137357                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       277682                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15764652                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1362539                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       223278                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            2214349                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        2240252                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           851810                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.498003                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             15744641                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            15744509                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         9040892                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        24360363                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.497367                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.371131                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11873309                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     14609471                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2247077                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4035                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       245299                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27735674                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526739                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369519                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21711150     78.28%     78.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3000931     10.82%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1120330      4.04%     93.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       534264      1.93%     95.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       468929      1.69%     96.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       258972      0.93%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       215961      0.78%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       102350      0.37%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       322787      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27735674                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     11873309                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     14609471                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              2164403                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             1322902                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              2014                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          2106753                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        13162811                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       300789                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       322787                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           44269357                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          34130695                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                360974                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               3502490                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          11873309                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            14609471                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     11873309                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.666127                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.666127                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.375076                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.375076                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       70943330                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      21936575                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      15648293                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         4030                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                         2026                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.855684                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         138563                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         4074                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        34.011537                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.745881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    19.095462                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   943.271142                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1056.743198                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.009324                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.460582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.515988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4037                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                  4038                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks            760                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                 760                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                   9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                   4047                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4046                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                  4047                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1996                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                2026                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1996                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                 2026                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1996                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                2026                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     50617329                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1631507469                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1682124798                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     50617329                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1631507469                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total     1682124798                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     50617329                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1631507469                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total    1682124798                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         6033                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total              6064                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          760                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total             760                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         6042                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total               6073                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         6042                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total              6073                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.330847                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.334103                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.330354                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.333608                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.330354                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.333608                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1687244.300000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 817388.511523                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 830268.903258                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1687244.300000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 817388.511523                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 830268.903258                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1687244.300000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 817388.511523                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 830268.903258                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                269                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                     269                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2026                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total            2026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1996                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total           2026                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     47983217                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1456216225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1504199442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     47983217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1456216225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1504199442                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     47983217                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1456216225                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1504199442                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.330847                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334103                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.330354                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333608                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.330354                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333608                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1599440.566667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 729567.246994                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 742447.898322                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1599440.566667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 729567.246994                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 742447.898322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1599440.566667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 729567.246994                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 742447.898322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                         1421                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.367176                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         171184                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         3469                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        49.346786                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.635736                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    28.224849                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   655.128699                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1337.377892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.013782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.319887                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.653017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3305                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                  3307                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1059                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                1059                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3323                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                   3325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3323                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                  3325                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1380                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                1420                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1380                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                 1420                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1380                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                1420                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     78191826                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1169077926                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1247269752                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     78191826                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1169077926                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total     1247269752                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     78191826                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1169077926                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total    1247269752                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         4685                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total              4727                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1059                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total            1059                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         4703                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total               4745                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         4703                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total              4745                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.294557                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.300402                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.293430                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.299262                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.293430                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.299262                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1954795.650000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 847157.917391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 878358.980282                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1954795.650000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 847157.917391                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 878358.980282                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1954795.650000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 847157.917391                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 878358.980282                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                613                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                     613                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l201.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l201.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l201.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l201.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total            1419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1379                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total           1419                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     74678051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1046309777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1120987828                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     74678051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1046309777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1120987828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     74678051                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1046309777                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1120987828                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.294344                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.300190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.293217                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299052                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.293217                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299052                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1866951.275000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 758745.306019                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 789984.374912                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1866951.275000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 758745.306019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 789984.374912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1866951.275000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 758745.306019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 789984.374912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                         1110                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.488362                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         194243                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         3155                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        61.566719                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.420076                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    28.871291                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   525.039186                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1455.157809                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.014097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.256367                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.710526                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3360                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                  3362                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1067                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                1067                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           21                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                  21                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3381                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                   3383                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3381                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                  3383                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1074                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                1110                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1074                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                 1110                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1074                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                1110                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    101084922                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    882064167                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     983149089                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    101084922                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    882064167                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total      983149089                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    101084922                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    882064167                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total     983149089                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         4434                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total              4472                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1067                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total            1067                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           21                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total              21                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         4455                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total               4493                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         4455                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total              4493                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.242219                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.248211                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.241077                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.247051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.241077                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.247051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2807914.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 821288.796089                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 885719.900000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2807914.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 821288.796089                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 885719.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2807914.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 821288.796089                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 885719.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                587                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                     587                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total            1110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1074                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total           1110                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     97924122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    787747678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    885671800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     97924122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    787747678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    885671800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     97924122                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    787747678                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    885671800                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.242219                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.248211                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.241077                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.247051                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.241077                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.247051                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2720114.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 733470.836127                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 797902.522523                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2720114.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 733470.836127                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 797902.522523                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2720114.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 733470.836127                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 797902.522523                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                         1421                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.367392                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         171194                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         3469                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        49.349668                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.637243                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    28.220432                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   655.900716                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1336.609002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.013780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.320264                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.652641                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3313                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                  3315                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1061                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                1061                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3331                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                   3333                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3331                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                  3333                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1380                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                1420                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1380                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                 1420                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1380                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                1420                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     68742795                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1145468711                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1214211506                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     68742795                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1145468711                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total     1214211506                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     68742795                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1145468711                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total    1214211506                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4693                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total              4735                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1061                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total            1061                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4711                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total               4753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4711                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total              4753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.294055                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.299894                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.292931                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.298759                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.292931                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.298759                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1718569.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 830049.790580                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 855078.525352                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1718569.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 830049.790580                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 855078.525352                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1718569.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 830049.790580                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 855078.525352                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                613                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                     613                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l203.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l203.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l203.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l203.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total            1419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1379                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total           1419                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     65227303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1022697171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1087924474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     65227303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1022697171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1087924474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     65227303                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1022697171                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1087924474                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.293842                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299683                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.292719                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298548                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.292719                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298548                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1630682.575000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 741622.313996                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 766683.914024                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1630682.575000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 741622.313996                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 766683.914024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1630682.575000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 741622.313996                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 766683.914024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                         2023                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.846666                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         138564                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         4071                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        34.036846                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.734577                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    20.253212                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   944.577242                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1054.281635                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.009889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.461219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.514786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         4039                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                  4040                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks            759                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                 759                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                   9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         4048                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                   4049                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         4048                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                  4049                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1992                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                2023                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1992                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                 2023                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1992                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                2023                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     61184390                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1585193159                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1646377549                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     61184390                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1585193159                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total     1646377549                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     61184390                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1585193159                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total    1646377549                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         6031                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total              6063                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          759                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total             759                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         6040                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total               6072                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           32                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         6040                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total              6072                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.330293                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.333663                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.329801                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.333169                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.329801                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.333169                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1973690                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 795779.698293                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 813829.732575                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1973690                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 795779.698293                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 813829.732575                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1973690                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 795779.698293                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 813829.732575                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                267                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                     267                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total            2023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1992                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total           2023                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     58462590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1410281603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1468744193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     58462590                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1410281603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1468744193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     58462590                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1410281603                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1468744193                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.330293                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333663                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.329801                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333169                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.329801                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333169                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1885890                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 707972.692269                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 726022.833910                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1885890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 707972.692269                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 726022.833910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1885890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 707972.692269                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 726022.833910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                         1110                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.487180                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         194242                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         3155                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        61.566403                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.419087                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    28.875089                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   525.183605                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1455.009399                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018759                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.014099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.256437                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.710454                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3359                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                  3361                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1067                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                1067                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           21                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                  21                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3380                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                   3382                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3380                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                  3382                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1074                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                1110                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1074                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                 1110                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1074                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                1110                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    101898011                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    875749840                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     977647851                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    101898011                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    875749840                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total      977647851                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    101898011                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    875749840                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total     977647851                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         4433                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total              4471                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1067                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total            1067                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           21                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total              21                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         4454                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total               4492                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         4454                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total              4492                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.242274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.248267                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.241132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.247106                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.241132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.247106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2830500.305556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 815409.534451                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 880763.829730                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2830500.305556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 815409.534451                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 880763.829730                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2830500.305556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 815409.534451                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 880763.829730                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                587                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                     587                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total            1110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1074                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total           1110                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     98736276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    781432852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    880169128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     98736276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    781432852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    880169128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     98736276                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    781432852                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    880169128                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.242274                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.248267                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.241132                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.247106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.241132                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.247106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2742674.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 727591.109870                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 792945.160360                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2742674.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 727591.109870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 792945.160360                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2742674.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 727591.109870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 792945.160360                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                         4078                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.934371                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         167465                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         6126                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        27.336761                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.010024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    13.936816                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1298.206705                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data         730.780826                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.006805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.633890                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.356827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4752                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                  4753                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1533                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                1533                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4755                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                   4756                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4755                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                  4756                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         4037                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                4072                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         4043                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                 4078                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         4043                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                4078                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     66208452                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3951776855                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    4017985307                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      8273953                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      8273953                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     66208452                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3960050808                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total     4026259260                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     66208452                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3960050808                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total    4026259260                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         8789                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total              8825                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1533                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total            1533                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         8798                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total               8834                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         8798                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total              8834                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.459324                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.461416                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.459536                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.461626                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.459536                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.461626                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1891670.057143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 978889.486004                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 986735.095039                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1378992.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1378992.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1891670.057143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 979483.256987                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 987312.226582                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1891670.057143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 979483.256987                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 987312.226582                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                707                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                     707                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         4037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           4072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         4043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total            4078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         4043                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total           4078                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     63135452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3597247535                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3660382987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      7747153                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7747153                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     63135452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3604994688                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3668130140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     63135452                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3604994688                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3668130140                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.459324                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.461416                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.459536                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.461626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.459536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.461626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1803870.057143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 891069.490959                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 898915.271857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1291192.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1291192.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1803870.057143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 891663.291615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 899492.432565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1803870.057143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 891663.291615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 899492.432565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                         1425                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.396558                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         171187                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         3473                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        49.290815                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.635871                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    30.117608                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   655.990161                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1334.652918                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.014706                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.320308                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.651686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999705                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3308                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                  3310                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1059                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                1059                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3326                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                   3328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3326                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                  3328                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1381                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                1424                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1381                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                 1424                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1381                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                1424                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     89679893                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1125936416                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1215616309                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     89679893                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1125936416                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total     1215616309                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     89679893                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1125936416                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total    1215616309                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         4689                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total              4734                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1059                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total            1059                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         4707                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total               4752                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           45                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         4707                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total              4752                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.955556                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.294519                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.300803                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.955556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.293393                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.299663                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.955556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.293393                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.299663                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2085578.906977                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 815305.152788                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 853663.138343                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2085578.906977                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 815305.152788                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 853663.138343                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2085578.906977                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 815305.152788                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 853663.138343                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                613                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                     613                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l207.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l207.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l207.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l207.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1380                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total            1423                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1380                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total           1423                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     85903576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1003476169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1089379745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     85903576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1003476169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1089379745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     85903576                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1003476169                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1089379745                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.955556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.294306                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.300591                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.955556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.293180                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299453                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.955556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.293180                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299453                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1997757.581395                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 727156.644203                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 765551.472242                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1997757.581395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 727156.644203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 765551.472242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1997757.581395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 727156.644203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 765551.472242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                         1110                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.487449                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         194243                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         3155                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        61.566719                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.419215                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    28.873903                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   524.958470                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1455.235860                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018759                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.014099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.256327                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.710564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3360                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                  3362                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1067                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                1067                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           21                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                  21                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3381                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                   3383                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3381                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                  3383                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1074                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                1110                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1074                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                 1110                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1074                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                1110                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    103800611                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    877241312                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     981041923                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    103800611                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    877241312                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total      981041923                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    103800611                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    877241312                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total     981041923                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         4434                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total              4472                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1067                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total            1067                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           21                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total              21                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         4455                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total               4493                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         4455                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total              4493                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.242219                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.248211                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.241077                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.247051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.241077                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.247051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2883350.305556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 816798.242086                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 883821.552252                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2883350.305556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 816798.242086                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 883821.552252                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2883350.305556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 816798.242086                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 883821.552252                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                587                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                     587                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total            1110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1074                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total           1110                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    100638820                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    782923352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    883562172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    100638820                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    782923352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    883562172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    100638820                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    782923352                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    883562172                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.242219                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.248211                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.241077                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.247051                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.241077                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.247051                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2795522.777778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 728978.912477                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 796001.956757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2795522.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 728978.912477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 796001.956757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2795522.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 728978.912477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 796001.956757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                         3515                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.557013                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         137443                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         5562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        24.711075                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          11.666296                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    22.284412                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   940.388248                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1073.218058                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.010881                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.459174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.524032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         4308                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                  4309                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks            890                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                 890                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                  12                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         4320                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                   4321                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         4320                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                  4321                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3474                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                3510                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3480                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                 3516                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3480                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                3516                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     72533021                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3280159739                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3352692760                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      8193769                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      8193769                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     72533021                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3288353508                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total     3360886529                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     72533021                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3288353508                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total    3360886529                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         7782                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total              7819                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          890                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total             890                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         7800                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total               7837                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         7800                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total              7837                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.446415                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.448907                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.446154                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.448641                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.446154                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.448641                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2014806.138889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 944202.573115                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 955183.122507                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1365628.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1365628.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2014806.138889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 944929.168966                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 955883.540671                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2014806.138889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 944929.168966                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 955883.540671                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                542                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                     542                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total            3516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3480                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total           3516                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     69370684                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2975057539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3044428223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      7666969                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7666969                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     69370684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2982724508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3052095192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     69370684                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2982724508                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3052095192                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.446415                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.448907                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.446154                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.448641                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.446154                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.448641                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1926963.444444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 856378.105642                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 867358.468091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1277828.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1277828.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1926963.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 857104.743678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 868058.928328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1926963.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 857104.743678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 868058.928328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                         3521                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.557118                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         137483                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         5568                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        24.691631                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.581845                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    20.642245                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   941.249563                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1073.083465                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.006143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.010079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.459595                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.523967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         4342                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                  4343                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks            896                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                 896                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                  12                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         4354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                   4355                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         4354                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                  4355                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3480                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                3516                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3486                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                 3522                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3486                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                3522                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     62145166                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3237255323                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3299400489                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      7741143                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      7741143                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     62145166                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3244996466                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total     3307141632                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     62145166                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3244996466                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total    3307141632                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         7822                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total              7859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          896                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total             896                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         7840                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total               7877                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         7840                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total              7877                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.444899                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.447385                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.444643                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.447125                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.444643                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.447125                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1726254.611111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 930245.782471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 938396.043515                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 1290190.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1290190.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1726254.611111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 930865.308663                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 938995.352641                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1726254.611111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 930865.308663                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 938995.352641                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                542                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                     542                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3480                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3486                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total            3522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3486                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total           3522                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     58984366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2931667849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2990652215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      7213492                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7213492                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     58984366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2938881341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2997865707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     58984366                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2938881341                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2997865707                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.444899                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.447385                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.444643                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.447125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.444643                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.447125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1638454.611111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 842433.289943                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 850583.678896                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 1202248.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1202248.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1638454.611111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 843052.593517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 851182.767462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1638454.611111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 843052.593517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 851182.767462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                         1421                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.367377                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         171187                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         3469                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        49.347651                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.636757                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    28.227082                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   655.922143                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1336.581396                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.013783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.320274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.652628                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3307                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                  3309                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1060                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                1060                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                   3327                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3325                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                  3327                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1380                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                1420                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1380                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                 1420                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1380                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                1420                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     75185582                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1152532987                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1227718569                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     75185582                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1152532987                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total     1227718569                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     75185582                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1152532987                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total    1227718569                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         4687                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total              4729                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1060                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total            1060                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         4705                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total               4747                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         4705                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total              4747                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.294431                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.300275                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.293305                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.299136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.293305                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.299136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1879639.550000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 835168.831159                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 864590.541549                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1879639.550000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 835168.831159                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 864590.541549                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1879639.550000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 835168.831159                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 864590.541549                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                613                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                     613                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l211.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l211.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l211.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l211.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total            1419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1379                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total           1419                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     71671296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1030774273                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1102445569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     71671296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1030774273                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1102445569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     71671296                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1030774273                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1102445569                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.294218                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.300063                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.293092                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298926                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.293092                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298926                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1791782.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 747479.530819                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 776917.243834                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1791782.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 747479.530819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 776917.243834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1791782.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 747479.530819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 776917.243834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                         2017                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.855658                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         138563                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         4065                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        34.086839                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.749882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    19.281358                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   941.328236                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1058.496183                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.009415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.459633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.516844                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4037                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                  4038                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks            760                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                 760                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                   9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                   4047                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4046                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                  4047                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1988                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                2017                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1988                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                 2017                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1988                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                2017                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     50902137                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1623256021                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1674158158                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     50902137                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1623256021                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total     1674158158                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     50902137                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1623256021                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total    1674158158                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         6025                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total              6055                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          760                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total             760                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         6034                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total               6064                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         6034                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total              6064                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.329959                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.333113                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.329466                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.332619                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.329466                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.332619                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1755246.103448                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 816527.173541                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 830023.876054                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1755246.103448                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 816527.173541                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 830023.876054                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1755246.103448                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 816527.173541                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 830023.876054                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                267                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                     267                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total            2017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1988                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total           2017                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     48355801                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1448665005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1497020806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     48355801                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1448665005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1497020806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     48355801                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1448665005                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1497020806                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.329959                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333113                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.329466                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.332619                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.329466                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.332619                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1667441.413793                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 728704.730885                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 742201.688647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1667441.413793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 728704.730885                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 742201.688647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1667441.413793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 728704.730885                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 742201.688647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                         1420                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.374579                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         171172                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         3468                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        49.357555                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.633446                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    29.685652                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   653.987139                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1337.068341                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.014495                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.319330                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.652865                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3297                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                  3299                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1055                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                1055                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3315                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                   3317                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3315                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                  3317                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1377                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                1420                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1377                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                 1420                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1377                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                1420                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     90894456                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1161924212                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1252818668                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     90894456                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1161924212                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total     1252818668                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     90894456                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1161924212                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total    1252818668                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         4674                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total              4719                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1055                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total            1055                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         4692                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total               4737                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           45                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         4692                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total              4737                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.955556                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.294608                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.300911                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.955556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.293478                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.299768                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.955556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.293478                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.299768                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2113824.558140                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 843808.432825                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 882266.667606                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2113824.558140                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 843808.432825                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 882266.667606                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2113824.558140                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 843808.432825                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 882266.667606                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                612                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                     612                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l213.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l213.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l213.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l213.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1376                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total            1419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1376                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total           1419                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     87117416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1039948632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1127066048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     87117416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1039948632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1127066048                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     87117416                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1039948632                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1127066048                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.955556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.294395                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.300699                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.955556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.293265                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299557                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.955556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.293265                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299557                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2025986.418605                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 755776.622093                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 794267.828048                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2025986.418605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 755776.622093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 794267.828048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2025986.418605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 755776.622093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 794267.828048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                         2028                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.854241                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         138560                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         4076                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        33.994112                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.740008                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    22.349694                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   943.222631                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1053.541908                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.010913                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.460558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.514425                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         4036                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                  4037                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks            758                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                 758                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                   9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         4045                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                   4046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         4045                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                  4046                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1993                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                2028                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1993                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                 2028                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1993                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                2028                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     71904163                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1596313027                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1668217190                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     71904163                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1596313027                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total     1668217190                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     71904163                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1596313027                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total    1668217190                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         6029                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total              6065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          758                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total             758                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         6038                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total               6074                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         6038                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total              6074                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.330569                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.334378                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.330076                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.333882                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.330076                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.333882                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2054404.657143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 800959.873056                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 822592.302761                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2054404.657143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 800959.873056                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 822592.302761                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2054404.657143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 800959.873056                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 822592.302761                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                270                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                     270                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2028                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total            2028                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1993                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total           2028                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     68830479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1421277196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1490107675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     68830479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1421277196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1490107675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     68830479                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1421277196                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1490107675                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.330569                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334378                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.330076                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333882                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.330076                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333882                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1966585.114286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 713134.568991                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 734767.098126                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1966585.114286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 713134.568991                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 734767.098126                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1966585.114286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 713134.568991                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 734767.098126                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                         1421                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.368778                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         171195                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         3469                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        49.349957                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.639828                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    28.014050                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   656.928198                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1335.786702                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.013679                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.320766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.652240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999692                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3314                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                  3316                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1061                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                1061                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3332                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                   3334                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3332                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                  3334                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1381                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                1420                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1381                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                 1420                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1381                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                1420                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     62681906                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1119951933                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1182633839                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     62681906                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1119951933                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total     1182633839                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     62681906                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1119951933                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total    1182633839                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         4695                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total              4736                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1061                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total            1061                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         4713                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total               4754                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         4713                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total              4754                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.294143                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.299831                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.293019                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.298696                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.293019                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.298696                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1607228.358974                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 810971.711079                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 832840.731690                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1607228.358974                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 810971.711079                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 832840.731690                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1607228.358974                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 810971.711079                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 832840.731690                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                612                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                     612                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l215.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l215.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l215.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l215.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1380                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total            1419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1380                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total           1419                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     59257224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    998264161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1057521385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     59257224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    998264161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1057521385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     59257224                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    998264161                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1057521385                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.293930                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299620                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.292807                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298485                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.292807                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298485                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1519416                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 723379.826812                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 745258.199436                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1519416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 723379.826812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 745258.199436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1519416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 723379.826812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 745258.199436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              551.754865                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001432642                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1794682.154122                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    25.584475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   526.170390                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.041001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.843222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.884223                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1400373                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1400373                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1400373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1400373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1400373                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1400373                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     66854593                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     66854593                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     66854593                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     66854593                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     66854593                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     66854593                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1400416                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1400416                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1400416                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1400416                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1400416                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1400416                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1554757.976744                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1554757.976744                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1554757.976744                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1554757.976744                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1554757.976744                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1554757.976744                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     50933128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     50933128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     50933128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     50933128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     50933128                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     50933128                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1643004.129032                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1643004.129032                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1643004.129032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1643004.129032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1643004.129032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1643004.129032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 6042                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              221205113                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 6298                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             35123.072880                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   184.428971                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    71.571029                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.720426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.279574                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      2072846                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2072846                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       386434                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       386434                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          914                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          914                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          907                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          907                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      2459280                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        2459280                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      2459280                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       2459280                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        21105                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        21105                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        21142                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        21142                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        21142                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        21142                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   9359488493                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9359488493                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      3178258                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3178258                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   9362666751                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9362666751                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   9362666751                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9362666751                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      2093951                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2093951                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       386471                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       386471                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          914                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          914                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          907                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          907                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      2480422                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2480422                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      2480422                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2480422                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.010079                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010079                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008524                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008524                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008524                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008524                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 443472.565411                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 443472.565411                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 85898.864865                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85898.864865                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 442846.786066                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 442846.786066                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 442846.786066                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 442846.786066                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          760                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             760                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        15072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        15072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        15100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        15100                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15100                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         6033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         6042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         6042                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6042                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1912546726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1912546726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       589852                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       589852                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1913136578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1913136578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1913136578                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1913136578                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002881                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002881                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002436                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002436                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002436                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002436                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 317014.209514                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 317014.209514                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 65539.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65539.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 316639.619000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316639.619000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 316639.619000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316639.619000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              507.654598                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1074581440                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             2078494.081238                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    32.654598                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.052331                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.813549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1445903                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1445903                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1445903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1445903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1445903                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1445903                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     90798031                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     90798031                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     90798031                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     90798031                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     90798031                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     90798031                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1445958                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1445958                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1445958                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1445958                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1445958                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1445958                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1650873.290909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1650873.290909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1650873.290909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1650873.290909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1650873.290909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1650873.290909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     78673531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     78673531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     78673531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     78673531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     78673531                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     78673531                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1873179.309524                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1873179.309524                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1873179.309524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1873179.309524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1873179.309524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1873179.309524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 4703                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              164027133                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 4959                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             33076.655172                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   221.939972                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    34.060028                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.866953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.133047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       995729                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        995729                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       836479                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       836479                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2043                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2043                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2013                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2013                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1832208                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        1832208                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1832208                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       1832208                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        15134                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        15134                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        15238                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        15238                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        15238                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        15238                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   5291026167                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5291026167                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      8567058                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8567058                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   5299593225                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   5299593225                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   5299593225                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   5299593225                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1010863                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1010863                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       836583                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       836583                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         2043                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2043                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         2013                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2013                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1847446                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1847446                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1847446                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1847446                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.014971                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014971                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008248                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008248                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008248                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008248                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 349611.878353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 349611.878353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 82375.557692                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82375.557692                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 347787.979065                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 347787.979065                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 347787.979065                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 347787.979065                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1059                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            1059                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        10449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        10535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        10535                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10535                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         4685                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4685                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         4703                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4703                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         4703                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4703                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1395927972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1395927972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1153800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1153800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1397081772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1397081772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1397081772                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1397081772                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004635                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004635                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 297956.877695                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 297956.877695                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 297061.826919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 297061.826919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 297061.826919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 297061.826919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              486.893144                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1077605982                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             2185813.350913                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    31.893144                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.051111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780277                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1481968                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1481968                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1481968                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1481968                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1481968                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1481968                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    155035978                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    155035978                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    155035978                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    155035978                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    155035978                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    155035978                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1482017                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1482017                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1482017                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1482017                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1482017                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1482017                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3163999.551020                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3163999.551020                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3163999.551020                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3163999.551020                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3163999.551020                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3163999.551020                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3389094                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 847273.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    101528422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    101528422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    101528422                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    101528422                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    101528422                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    101528422                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2671800.578947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2671800.578947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2671800.578947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2671800.578947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2671800.578947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2671800.578947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 4455                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              160413115                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 4711                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             34050.756740                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   221.799025                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    34.200975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.866402                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.133598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1180337                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1180337                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       877042                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       877042                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2286                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2286                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2133                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2133                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      2057379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        2057379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      2057379                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       2057379                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        11446                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        11446                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          128                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          128                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        11574                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        11574                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        11574                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        11574                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2607775849                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2607775849                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      9822168                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      9822168                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2617598017                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2617598017                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2617598017                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2617598017                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1191783                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1191783                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       877170                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       877170                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         2286                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2286                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         2133                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2133                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      2068953                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2068953                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      2068953                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2068953                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009604                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009604                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000146                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000146                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005594                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005594                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 227832.941552                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 227832.941552                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 76735.687500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76735.687500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 226161.916105                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 226161.916105                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 226161.916105                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 226161.916105                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        29996                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        14998                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1067                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            1067                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         7012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         7012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          107                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          107                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         7119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         7119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         7119                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         7119                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         4434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         4455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         4455                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4455                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1109537531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1109537531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1569466                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1569466                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1111106997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1111106997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1111106997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1111106997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003720                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003720                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002153                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002153                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002153                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002153                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 250233.994362                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 250233.994362                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 74736.476190                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74736.476190                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 249406.733333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 249406.733333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 249406.733333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 249406.733333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              507.666219                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1074583856                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             2078498.754352                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    32.666219                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.052350                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.813568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1448319                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1448319                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1448319                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1448319                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1448319                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1448319                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     81672820                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     81672820                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     81672820                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     81672820                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     81672820                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     81672820                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1448375                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1448375                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1448375                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1448375                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1448375                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1448375                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1458443.214286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1458443.214286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1458443.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1458443.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1458443.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1458443.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     69226319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69226319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     69226319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     69226319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     69226319                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     69226319                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1648245.690476                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1648245.690476                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1648245.690476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1648245.690476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1648245.690476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1648245.690476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 4711                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              164030156                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 4967                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             33023.989531                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   221.915180                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    34.084820                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.866856                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.133144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       997363                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        997363                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       837863                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       837863                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2046                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2046                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2015                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2015                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1835226                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        1835226                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1835226                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       1835226                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        15163                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        15163                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        15267                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        15267                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        15267                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        15267                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   5161309571                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5161309571                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      8571147                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8571147                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   5169880718                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   5169880718                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   5169880718                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   5169880718                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1012526                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1012526                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       837967                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       837967                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         2046                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2046                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         2015                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2015                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1850493                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1850493                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1850493                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1850493                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.014975                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014975                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008250                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008250                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008250                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008250                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 340388.417266                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 340388.417266                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 82414.875000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82414.875000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 338631.081286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 338631.081286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 338631.081286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 338631.081286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1061                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            1061                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        10470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        10556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        10556                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10556                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4711                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4711                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1372844716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1372844716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1153800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1153800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1373998516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1373998516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1373998516                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1373998516                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004635                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004635                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 292530.303857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 292530.303857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 291657.507111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 291657.507111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 291657.507111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 291657.507111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              553.096026                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1001438195                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  559                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1791481.565295                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    26.925626                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   526.170400                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.043150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.843222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.886372                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1405926                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1405926                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1405926                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1405926                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1405926                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1405926                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     71659898                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     71659898                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     71659898                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     71659898                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     71659898                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     71659898                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1405969                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1405969                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1405969                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1405969                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1405969                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1405969                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1666509.255814                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1666509.255814                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1666509.255814                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1666509.255814                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1666509.255814                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1666509.255814                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     61509377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61509377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     61509377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     61509377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     61509377                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     61509377                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1922168.031250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1922168.031250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1922168.031250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1922168.031250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1922168.031250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1922168.031250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 6040                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              221215559                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 6296                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             35135.889295                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   184.362762                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    71.637238                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.720167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.279833                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      2082356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2082356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       387367                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       387367                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          915                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          915                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          909                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          909                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      2469723                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        2469723                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      2469723                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       2469723                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        21068                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        21068                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        21105                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        21105                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        21105                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        21105                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   9093687574                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9093687574                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      3170631                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3170631                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   9096858205                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9096858205                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   9096858205                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9096858205                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      2103424                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2103424                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       387404                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       387404                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          915                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          915                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          909                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          909                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      2490828                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2490828                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      2490828                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2490828                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.010016                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010016                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008473                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008473                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008473                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008473                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 431635.066167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 431635.066167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 85692.729730                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85692.729730                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 431028.581142                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 431028.581142                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 431028.581142                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 431028.581142                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          759                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             759                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        15037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        15037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        15065                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15065                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        15065                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15065                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         6031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         6040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         6040                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6040                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1866323878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1866323878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1866900778                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1866900778                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1866900778                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1866900778                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002867                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002867                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002425                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002425                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002425                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002425                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 309455.128171                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 309455.128171                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 309089.532781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 309089.532781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 309089.532781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 309089.532781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              486.899457                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1077605868                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             2185813.119675                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    31.899457                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.051121                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780288                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1481854                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1481854                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1481854                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1481854                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1481854                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1481854                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    156884705                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    156884705                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    156884705                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    156884705                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    156884705                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    156884705                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1481904                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1481904                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1481904                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1481904                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1481904                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1481904                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3137694.100000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3137694.100000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3137694.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3137694.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3137694.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3137694.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      4027158                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 1006789.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    102343487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    102343487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    102343487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    102343487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    102343487                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    102343487                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2693249.657895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2693249.657895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2693249.657895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2693249.657895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2693249.657895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2693249.657895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 4454                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              160413578                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 4710                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             34058.084501                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   221.816851                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    34.183149                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.866472                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.133528                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1180591                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1180591                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       877246                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       877246                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2291                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2291                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2133                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2133                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      2057837                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        2057837                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      2057837                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       2057837                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        11444                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        11444                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          115                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          115                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        11559                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        11559                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        11559                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        11559                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2598788621                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2598788621                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      9080488                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      9080488                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2607869109                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2607869109                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2607869109                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2607869109                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1192035                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1192035                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       877361                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       877361                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         2291                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2291                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         2133                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2133                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      2069396                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2069396                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      2069396                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2069396                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009600                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009600                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005586                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005586                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005586                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005586                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 227087.436298                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 227087.436298                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 78960.765217                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78960.765217                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 225613.730340                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 225613.730340                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 225613.730340                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 225613.730340                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        14322                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        14322                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1067                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            1067                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         7011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         7011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           94                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           94                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         7105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         7105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         7105                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         7105                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         4433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         4454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         4454                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4454                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1103193808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1103193808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1538455                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1538455                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1104732263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1104732263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1104732263                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1104732263                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003719                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003719                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002152                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002152                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002152                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002152                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 248859.419806                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 248859.419806                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 73259.761905                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73259.761905                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 248031.491468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 248031.491468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 248031.491468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 248031.491468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              571.440161                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1108823629                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  579                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1915066.716753                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    30.175415                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   541.264746                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.048358                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.867411                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.915769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1296311                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1296311                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1296311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1296311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1296311                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1296311                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    104606708                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    104606708                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    104606708                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    104606708                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    104606708                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    104606708                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1296369                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1296369                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1296369                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1296369                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1296369                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1296369                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1803563.931034                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1803563.931034                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1803563.931034                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1803563.931034                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1803563.931034                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1803563.931034                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     66572034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66572034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     66572034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     66572034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     66572034                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     66572034                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1849223.166667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1849223.166667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1849223.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1849223.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1849223.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1849223.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 8798                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              440448890                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 9054                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             48646.884250                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   111.135013                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   144.864987                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.434121                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.565879                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      3387401                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3387401                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1854270                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1854270                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          909                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          909                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          904                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          904                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      5241671                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        5241671                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      5241671                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       5241671                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        32192                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        32192                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           38                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           38                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        32230                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        32230                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        32230                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        32230                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  16148691434                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16148691434                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     30239082                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     30239082                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  16178930516                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16178930516                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  16178930516                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16178930516                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      3419593                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3419593                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1854308                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1854308                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          909                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          909                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          904                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          904                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      5273901                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5273901                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      5273901                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5273901                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009414                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009414                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000020                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006111                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006111                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006111                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006111                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 501636.786593                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 501636.786593                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 795765.315789                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 795765.315789                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 501983.571703                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 501983.571703                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 501983.571703                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 501983.571703                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1533                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            1533                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        23403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        23403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           29                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           29                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        23432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        23432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        23432                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        23432                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         8789                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8789                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         8798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         8798                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8798                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   4309998689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4309998689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      8516053                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8516053                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   4318514742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4318514742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   4318514742                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4318514742                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002570                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002570                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001668                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001668                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001668                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001668                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 490385.560246                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 490385.560246                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 946228.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 946228.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 490851.868834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 490851.868834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 490851.868834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 490851.868834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              509.887163                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1074585505                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             2066510.586538                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    34.887163                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.055909                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.817127                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1449968                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1449968                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1449968                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1449968                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1449968                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1449968                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    100062788                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    100062788                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    100062788                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    100062788                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    100062788                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    100062788                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1450024                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1450024                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1450024                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1450024                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1450024                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1450024                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1786835.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1786835.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1786835.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1786835.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1786835.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1786835.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1087206                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       543603                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     90190709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     90190709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     90190709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     90190709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     90190709                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     90190709                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2004237.977778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2004237.977778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2004237.977778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2004237.977778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2004237.977778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2004237.977778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 4707                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              164027547                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 4963                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             33050.079992                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   221.903086                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    34.096914                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.866809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.133191                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       995887                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        995887                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       836697                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       836697                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2080                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2080                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2014                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2014                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1832584                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        1832584                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1832584                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       1832584                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        15111                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        15111                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           99                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           99                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        15210                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        15210                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        15210                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        15210                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   5126079780                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5126079780                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      8016394                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8016394                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   5134096174                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   5134096174                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   5134096174                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   5134096174                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1010998                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1010998                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       836796                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       836796                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         2080                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2080                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         2014                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2014                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1847794                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1847794                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1847794                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1847794                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.014947                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014947                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000118                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000118                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008231                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008231                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008231                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008231                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 339228.362120                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 339228.362120                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 80973.676768                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80973.676768                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 337547.414464                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 337547.414464                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 337547.414464                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 337547.414464                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1059                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            1059                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        10422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           81                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           81                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        10503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        10503                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10503                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         4689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         4707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         4707                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4707                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1352995449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1352995449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1153800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1153800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1354149249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1354149249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1354149249                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1354149249                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004638                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004638                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 288546.694178                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288546.694178                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 287688.389420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 287688.389420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 287688.389420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 287688.389420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              486.895590                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1077606180                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             2185813.752535                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    31.895590                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.051115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1482166                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1482166                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1482166                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1482166                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1482166                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1482166                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    160752429                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    160752429                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    160752429                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    160752429                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    160752429                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    160752429                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1482216                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1482216                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1482216                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1482216                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1482216                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1482216                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 3215048.580000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3215048.580000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 3215048.580000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3215048.580000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 3215048.580000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3215048.580000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3433804                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       858451                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    104246127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    104246127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    104246127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    104246127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    104246127                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    104246127                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2743319.131579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2743319.131579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2743319.131579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2743319.131579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2743319.131579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2743319.131579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 4455                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              160413439                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 4711                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             34050.825515                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   221.806714                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    34.193286                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.866432                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.133568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1180518                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1180518                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       877185                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       877185                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2286                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2286                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2133                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2133                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      2057703                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        2057703                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      2057703                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       2057703                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        11446                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        11446                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          128                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          128                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        11574                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        11574                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        11574                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        11574                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2607169982                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2607169982                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      9780241                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      9780241                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2616950223                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2616950223                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2616950223                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2616950223                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1191964                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1191964                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       877313                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       877313                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         2286                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2286                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         2133                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2133                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      2069277                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2069277                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      2069277                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2069277                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009603                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009603                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000146                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000146                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005593                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005593                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005593                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005593                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 227780.008911                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 227780.008911                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 76408.132812                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76408.132812                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 226105.946345                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 226105.946345                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 226105.946345                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 226105.946345                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        28007                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 14003.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1067                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            1067                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         7012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         7012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          107                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          107                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         7119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         7119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         7119                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         7119                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4455                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4455                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1104715066                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1104715066                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1562042                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1562042                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1106277108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1106277108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1106277108                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1106277108                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003720                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003720                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002153                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002153                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002153                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002153                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 249146.383852                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 249146.383852                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 74382.952381                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74382.952381                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 248322.583165                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 248322.583165                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 248322.583165                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 248322.583165                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              520.880886                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1080512840                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  527                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             2050308.994307                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    31.253010                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   489.627876                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.050085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.784660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.834745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1326363                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1326363                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1326363                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1326363                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1326363                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1326363                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     89592585                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     89592585                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     89592585                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     89592585                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     89592585                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     89592585                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1326413                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1326413                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1326413                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1326413                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1326413                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1326413                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1791851.700000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1791851.700000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1791851.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1791851.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1791851.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1791851.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        67545                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        67545                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     72903001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72903001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     72903001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     72903001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     72903001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     72903001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1970351.378378                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1970351.378378                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1970351.378378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1970351.378378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1970351.378378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1970351.378378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 7800                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              178800387                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 8056                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             22194.685576                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   228.370726                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    27.629274                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.892073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.107927                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       917935                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        917935                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       758827                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       758827                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2187                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2187                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1772                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1772                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1676762                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        1676762                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1676762                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       1676762                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        20400                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20400                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          121                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          121                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        20521                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        20521                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        20521                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        20521                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   9166059096                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9166059096                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     85491374                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     85491374                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   9251550470                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9251550470                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   9251550470                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9251550470                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       938335                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       938335                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       758948                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       758948                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         2187                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2187                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1772                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1772                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1697283                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1697283                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1697283                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1697283                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.021741                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021741                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000159                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000159                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012090                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012090                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012090                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012090                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 449316.622353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 449316.622353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 706540.280992                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 706540.280992                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 450833.315628                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 450833.315628                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 450833.315628                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 450833.315628                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          890                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             890                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        12618                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12618                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          103                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          103                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        12721                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12721                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        12721                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12721                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         7782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         7800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         7800                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7800                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3591978669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3591978669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      9012769                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9012769                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3600991438                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3600991438                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3600991438                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3600991438                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008293                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008293                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004596                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004596                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004596                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004596                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 461575.259445                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 461575.259445                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 500709.388889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 500709.388889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 461665.568974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 461665.568974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 461665.568974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 461665.568974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              519.809689                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1080517250                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  527                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             2050317.362429                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    29.809689                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.047772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.833028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1330773                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1330773                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1330773                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1330773                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1330773                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1330773                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    101516680                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    101516680                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    101516680                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    101516680                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    101516680                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    101516680                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1330826                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1330826                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1330826                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1330826                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1330826                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1330826                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1915409.056604                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1915409.056604                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1915409.056604                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1915409.056604                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1915409.056604                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1915409.056604                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     62509832                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     62509832                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     62509832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     62509832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     62509832                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     62509832                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1689454.918919                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1689454.918919                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1689454.918919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1689454.918919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1689454.918919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1689454.918919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 7840                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              178805803                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 8096                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             22085.697011                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   228.361204                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    27.638796                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.892036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.107964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       920957                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        920957                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       761197                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       761197                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2208                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2208                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1775                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1775                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1682154                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        1682154                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1682154                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       1682154                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        20697                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20697                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          110                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          110                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        20807                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        20807                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        20807                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        20807                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   9215944919                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9215944919                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     74631777                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     74631777                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   9290576696                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9290576696                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   9290576696                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9290576696                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       941654                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       941654                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       761307                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       761307                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         2208                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2208                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1775                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1775                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1702961                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1702961                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1702961                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1702961                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.021979                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021979                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000144                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000144                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.012218                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012218                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.012218                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012218                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 445279.263613                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 445279.263613                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 678470.700000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 678470.700000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 446512.072668                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 446512.072668                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 446512.072668                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 446512.072668                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          896                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             896                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        12875                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12875                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           92                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           92                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        12967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        12967                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12967                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         7822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         7840                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7840                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         7840                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7840                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3551435974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3551435974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      8560143                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8560143                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3559996117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3559996117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3559996117                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3559996117                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008307                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008307                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004604                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004604                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004604                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004604                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 454031.702122                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454031.702122                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 475563.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 475563.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 454081.137372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454081.137372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 454081.137372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454081.137372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              507.666616                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1074582381                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             2078495.901354                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    32.666616                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.052350                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.813568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1446844                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1446844                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1446844                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1446844                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1446844                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1446844                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     88484560                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     88484560                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     88484560                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     88484560                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     88484560                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     88484560                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1446904                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1446904                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1446904                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1446904                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1446904                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1446904                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1474742.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1474742.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1474742.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1474742.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1474742.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1474742.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     75658505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     75658505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     75658505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     75658505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     75658505                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     75658505                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1801392.976190                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1801392.976190                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1801392.976190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1801392.976190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1801392.976190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1801392.976190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 4705                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              164028316                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 4961                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             33063.558960                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   221.938473                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    34.061527                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.866947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.133053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       996363                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        996363                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       837028                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       837028                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2043                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2043                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2013                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2013                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1833391                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        1833391                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1833391                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       1833391                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        15142                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        15142                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        15246                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        15246                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        15246                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        15246                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   5188036412                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5188036412                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      8565394                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8565394                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   5196601806                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   5196601806                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   5196601806                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   5196601806                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1011505                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1011505                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       837132                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       837132                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         2043                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2043                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         2013                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2013                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1848637                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1848637                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1848637                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1848637                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.014970                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014970                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008247                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008247                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008247                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008247                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 342625.572051                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 342625.572051                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 82359.557692                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82359.557692                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 340850.177489                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 340850.177489                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 340850.177489                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 340850.177489                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1060                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            1060                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        10455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        10541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        10541                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10541                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4705                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4705                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1379502700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1379502700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1153800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1153800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1380656500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1380656500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1380656500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1380656500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.004634                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004634                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 294325.304032                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 294325.304032                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 293444.527099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 293444.527099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 293444.527099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 293444.527099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              551.631323                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1001433122                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1797905.066427                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    25.460412                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   526.170912                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.040802                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.843223                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.884025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1400853                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1400853                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1400853                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1400853                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1400853                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1400853                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     65891439                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     65891439                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     65891439                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     65891439                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     65891439                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     65891439                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1400896                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1400896                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1400896                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1400896                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1400896                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1400896                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1532359.046512                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1532359.046512                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1532359.046512                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1532359.046512                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1532359.046512                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1532359.046512                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     51220713                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51220713                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     51220713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     51220713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     51220713                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     51220713                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1707357.100000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1707357.100000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1707357.100000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1707357.100000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1707357.100000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1707357.100000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 6034                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              221205573                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 6290                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             35167.817647                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   184.321430                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    71.678570                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.720006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.279994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      2073238                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2073238                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       386501                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       386501                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          915                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          915                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          907                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          907                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      2459739                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        2459739                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      2459739                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       2459739                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        21079                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        21079                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        21116                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        21116                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        21116                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        21116                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   9365439181                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9365439181                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      3167982                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3167982                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   9368607163                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9368607163                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   9368607163                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9368607163                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      2094317                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2094317                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       386538                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       386538                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          915                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          915                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          907                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          907                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      2480855                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2480855                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      2480855                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2480855                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.010065                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010065                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008512                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008512                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008512                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008512                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 444301.873002                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 444301.873002                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 85621.135135                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85621.135135                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 443673.383359                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 443673.383359                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 443673.383359                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 443673.383359                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          760                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             760                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        15054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        15054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        15082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        15082                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15082                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         6025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         6034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         6034                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6034                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1904227794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1904227794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1904804694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1904804694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1904804694                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1904804694                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002432                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002432                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002432                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002432                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 316054.405643                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316054.405643                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 315678.603580                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 315678.603580                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 315678.603580                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 315678.603580                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              509.216192                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1074581963                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             2066503.775000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    34.216192                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.054834                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.816052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1446426                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1446426                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1446426                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1446426                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1446426                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1446426                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     97770026                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     97770026                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     97770026                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     97770026                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     97770026                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     97770026                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1446479                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1446479                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1446479                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1446479                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1446479                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1446479                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1844717.471698                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1844717.471698                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1844717.471698                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1844717.471698                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1844717.471698                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1844717.471698                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       504284                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       252142                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     91405705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     91405705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     91405705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     91405705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     91405705                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     91405705                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2031237.888889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2031237.888889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2031237.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2031237.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2031237.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2031237.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 4691                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              164024404                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 4947                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             33156.337983                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   221.858929                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    34.141071                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.866636                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.133364                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       994590                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        994590                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       834871                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       834871                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2064                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2064                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2010                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2010                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1829461                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        1829461                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1829461                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       1829461                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        15018                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        15018                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          101                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          101                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        15119                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        15119                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        15119                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        15119                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   5144133384                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5144133384                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      8207913                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8207913                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   5152341297                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   5152341297                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   5152341297                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   5152341297                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1009608                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1009608                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       834972                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       834972                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         2064                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2064                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         2010                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2010                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1844580                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1844580                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1844580                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1844580                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.014875                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014875                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000121                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000121                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008196                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008196                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008196                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008196                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 342531.188174                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 342531.188174                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 81266.465347                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81266.465347                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 340785.852040                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 340785.852040                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 340785.852040                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 340785.852040                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1055                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            1055                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        10344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        10427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        10427                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10427                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4692                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4692                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1388203354                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1388203354                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1153800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1153800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1389357154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1389357154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1389357154                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1389357154                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004630                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004630                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 297005.424476                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 297005.424476                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 296111.925405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 296111.925405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 296111.925405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 296111.925405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              554.782720                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1001436869                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1778751.099467                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    29.215289                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   525.567431                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.046819                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.842255                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.889075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1404600                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1404600                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1404600                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1404600                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1404600                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1404600                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     79879152                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     79879152                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     79879152                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     79879152                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     79879152                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     79879152                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1404646                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1404646                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1404646                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1404646                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1404646                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1404646                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1736503.304348                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1736503.304348                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1736503.304348                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1736503.304348                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1736503.304348                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1736503.304348                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     72270842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72270842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     72270842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     72270842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     72270842                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     72270842                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2007523.388889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2007523.388889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2007523.388889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2007523.388889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2007523.388889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2007523.388889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 6038                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              221212446                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 6294                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             35146.559581                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   184.331665                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    71.668335                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.720046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.279954                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      2079664                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2079664                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       386948                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       386948                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          915                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          915                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          907                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          907                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      2466612                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        2466612                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      2466612                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       2466612                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        21038                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        21038                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        21075                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        21075                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        21075                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        21075                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   9188438957                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9188438957                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      3157846                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3157846                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   9191596803                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9191596803                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   9191596803                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9191596803                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      2100702                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2100702                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       386985                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       386985                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          915                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          915                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          907                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          907                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      2487687                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2487687                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      2487687                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2487687                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.010015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008472                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008472                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008472                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008472                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 436754.394762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 436754.394762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 85347.189189                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85347.189189                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 436137.452100                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 436137.452100                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 436137.452100                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 436137.452100                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          758                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             758                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        15009                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        15009                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        15037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        15037                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15037                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         6029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         6038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         6038                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6038                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1877147421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1877147421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1877724321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1877724321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1877724321                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1877724321                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002870                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002870                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002427                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002427                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002427                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002427                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 311353.030519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 311353.030519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 310984.485094                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 310984.485094                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 310984.485094                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 310984.485094                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              507.463375                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1074586171                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             2082531.339147                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    32.463375                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.052025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.813243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1450634                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1450634                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1450634                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1450634                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1450634                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1450634                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     74296720                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     74296720                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     74296720                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     74296720                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     74296720                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     74296720                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1450692                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1450692                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1450692                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1450692                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1450692                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1450692                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1280977.931034                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1280977.931034                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1280977.931034                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1280977.931034                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1280977.931034                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1280977.931034                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     63169363                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63169363                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     63169363                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     63169363                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     63169363                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     63169363                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1540716.170732                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1540716.170732                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1540716.170732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1540716.170732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1540716.170732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1540716.170732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 4713                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              164029798                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 4969                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             33010.625478                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   221.942678                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    34.057322                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.866964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.133036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       997318                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        997318                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       837546                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       837546                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2050                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2050                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2015                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2015                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1834864                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        1834864                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1834864                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       1834864                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        15075                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        15075                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          102                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          102                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        15177                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        15177                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        15177                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        15177                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   4973862778                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4973862778                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      8134924                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8134924                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   4981997702                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4981997702                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   4981997702                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4981997702                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1012393                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1012393                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       837648                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       837648                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         2050                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2050                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         2015                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2015                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1850041                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1850041                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1850041                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1850041                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.014890                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014890                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008204                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008204                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 329941.146136                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 329941.146136                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 79754.156863                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79754.156863                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 328259.715491                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 328259.715491                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 328259.715491                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 328259.715491                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1061                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            1061                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        10380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        10464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        10464                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10464                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         4695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         4713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         4713                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4713                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1347407397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1347407397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1153800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1153800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1348561197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1348561197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1348561197                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1348561197                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004638                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004638                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002548                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002548                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002548                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002548                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 286987.730990                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 286987.730990                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 286136.472947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 286136.472947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 286136.472947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 286136.472947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
