
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.013200                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 13200445248                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               578498877075                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 381391                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   490492                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 295620                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67769468                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 44653.35                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17030402731                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   21902113722                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       255488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       176512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       254720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       519168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       137472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       255232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       446464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       516608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       137472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       254848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       254848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       517504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       255104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       176000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       137472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       259328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              4625024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           70784                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1081984                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1081984                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         1996                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         1379                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         1990                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         4056                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         1074                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         1994                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         3488                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         4036                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         1074                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         1991                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         1991                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         4043                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         1993                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         1375                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         1074                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         2026                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 36133                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            8453                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 8453                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       290899                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     19354499                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       387866                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     13371670                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       300596                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     19296319                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       310293                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     39329582                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       349079                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     10414194                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       329686                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     19335105                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       329686                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     33821889                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       329686                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     39135650                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       349079                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     10414194                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       310293                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     19306015                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       319989                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     19306015                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       329686                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     39203526                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       281203                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     19325409                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       416956                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     13332884                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       349079                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     10414194                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       378169                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     19645398                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               350368788                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       290899                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       387866                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       300596                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       310293                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       349079                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       329686                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       329686                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       329686                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       349079                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       310293                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       319989                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       329686                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       281203                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       416956                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       349079                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       378169                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            5362243                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          81965720                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               81965720                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          81965720                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       290899                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     19354499                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       387866                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     13371670                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       300596                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     19296319                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       310293                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     39329582                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       349079                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     10414194                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       329686                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     19335105                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       329686                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     33821889                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       329686                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     39135650                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       349079                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     10414194                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       310293                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     19306015                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       319989                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     19306015                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       329686                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     39203526                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       281203                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     19325409                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       416956                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     13332884                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       349079                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     10414194                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       378169                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     19645398                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              432334508                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               31655745                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        2183321                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1953416                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       175165                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1463493                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1434638                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         128375                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5264                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23127506                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             12412073                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           2183321                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      1563013                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2768123                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        576679                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       917275                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1400420                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       171589                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     27213480                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.510165                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.744480                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       24445357     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         426058      1.57%     91.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         210894      0.77%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         420478      1.55%     93.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         130975      0.48%     94.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         390012      1.43%     95.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          60417      0.22%     95.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          96676      0.36%     96.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1032613      3.79%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     27213480                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.068971                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.392095                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       22926950                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      1123475                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2762423                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         2290                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       398338                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       202800                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred         2208                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     13858556                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         5104                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       398338                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       22950610                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        711148                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       338746                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2738707                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        75927                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     13837407                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           24                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        10611                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        57007                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     18110493                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     62673212                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     62673212                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     14646430                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        3464045                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         1829                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          930                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          179214                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      2518589                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       398615                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3312                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        90435                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         13765540                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1835                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        12876212                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8731                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2513208                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      5163559                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           18                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27213480                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.473156                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.085277                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21569825     79.26%     79.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1753701      6.44%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1915777      7.04%     92.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1100624      4.04%     96.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       561057      2.06%     98.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       140504      0.52%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       164871      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3857      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3264      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27213480                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         21159     57.17%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8680     23.45%     80.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7172     19.38%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10083375     78.31%     78.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        99336      0.77%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          901      0.01%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2297514     17.84%     96.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       395086      3.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     12876212                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.406758                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             37011                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002874                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53011645                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16280633                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12547057                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     12913223                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10114                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       515631                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           18                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           52                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10308                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       398338                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        628568                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         9038                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13767390                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1789                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2518589                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       398615                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          928                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4577                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          235                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           52                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       117524                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        67917                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       185441                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12713621                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2264978                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       162590                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  15                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            2660027                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1934083                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           395049                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.401621                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             12550057                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            12547057                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         7599967                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        16461179                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.396360                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.461690                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000002                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     11236447                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2531472                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1817                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       173890                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26815142                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.419034                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.286891                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22641435     84.44%     84.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1632437      6.09%     90.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1055986      3.94%     94.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       331112      1.23%     95.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       555306      2.07%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       105796      0.39%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67494      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        61074      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       364502      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26815142                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     11236447                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              2391262                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             2002955                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               907                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1725938                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         9812683                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       138175                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       364502                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           40218520                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          27934514                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                518702                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               4442265                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            11236447                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     3.165574                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               3.165574                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.315898                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.315898                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       59129974                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      16327477                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      14753074                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         1814                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               31655745                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        2453525                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2007982                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       240846                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1012141                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         964112                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         253221                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        11023                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23600599                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             13721304                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           2453525                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      1217333                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2863737                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        658248                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      1244672                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1445362                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       240945                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     28123316                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599114                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.935211                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       25259579     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         134472      0.48%     90.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         212161      0.75%     91.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         286195      1.02%     92.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         294663      1.05%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         249621      0.89%     94.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         140229      0.50%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         207607      0.74%     95.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        1338789      4.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     28123316                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.077506                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.433454                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       23360047                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      1487672                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2858288                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         3284                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       414024                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       403303                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          260                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     16833310                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1532                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       414024                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       23424329                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        202618                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      1137354                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2797830                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       147158                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     16826016                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           18                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        21613                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        63187                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     23481383                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     78276420                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     78276420                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     20332964                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        3148392                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         4064                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2066                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          436732                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      1575056                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       852987                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        10022                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       254596                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         16802099                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4077                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        15947910                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2399                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1872107                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4491089                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           50                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     28123316                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567071                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.257503                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21335045     75.86%     75.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2822116     10.03%     85.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1421706      5.06%     90.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1045984      3.72%     94.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       824393      2.93%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       337417      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       211476      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       110515      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        14664      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     28123316                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3119     11.73%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9879     37.14%     48.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13598     51.13%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     13411783     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       238558      1.50%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1998      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1445404      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       850167      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     15947910                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.503792                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26596                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001668                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     60048129                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18678357                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15707351                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     15974506                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        32189                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       254388                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           76                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12907                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       414024                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        167391                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        14109                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16806202                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7596                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1575056                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       852987                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2066                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11950                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           76                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       139833                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       135712                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       275545                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15727185                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1359858                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       220723                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            2209957                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        2234643                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           850099                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.496819                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             15707470                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            15707351                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         9019041                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        24297326                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.496193                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.371195                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11852870                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     14584409                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2221788                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4027                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       243653                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27709292                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526336                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.368388                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21691904     78.28%     78.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2997518     10.82%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1118879      4.04%     93.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       533893      1.93%     95.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       470560      1.70%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       259348      0.94%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       213188      0.77%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       102670      0.37%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       321332      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27709292                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     11852870                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     14584409                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              2160748                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             1320668                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              2010                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          2103165                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        13140229                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       300281                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       321332                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           44194079                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          34026456                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                358788                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               3532429                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          11852870                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            14584409                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     11852870                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.670724                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.670724                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.374430                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.374430                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       70781770                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      21883902                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      15606181                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         4022                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               31655743                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        2189915                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1959798                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       176109                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1465092                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1440505                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         128327                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5288                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23203093                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             12447896                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           2189915                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      1568832                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2776735                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        579567                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       908426                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1405360                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       172525                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     27290776                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.510164                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.744260                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       24514041     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         426940      1.56%     91.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         212163      0.78%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         422280      1.55%     93.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         131423      0.48%     94.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         391478      1.43%     95.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          60547      0.22%     95.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          96926      0.36%     96.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        1034978      3.79%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     27290776                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.069179                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.393227                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       23002170                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      1115032                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2771024                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         2267                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       400279                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       203072                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred         2213                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     13897775                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         5111                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       400279                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       23026000                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        701912                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       339426                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2747076                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        76079                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     13876579                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           27                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        10487                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        57274                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     18159084                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     62844253                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     62844253                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     14679337                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        3479747                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         1831                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          930                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          179039                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      2527747                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       399364                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3267                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        90887                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         13803249                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1835                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        12912283                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         9341                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2523954                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      5183595                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           18                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27290776                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.473137                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.085198                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21631275     79.26%     79.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1757908      6.44%     85.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1921876      7.04%     92.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1104276      4.05%     96.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       562238      2.06%     98.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       140865      0.52%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       165113      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3960      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3265      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27290776                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         21230     57.18%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8721     23.49%     80.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7179     19.33%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10109416     78.29%     78.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        99451      0.77%     79.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          902      0.01%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2306924     17.87%     96.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       395590      3.06%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     12912283                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.407897                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             37130                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002876                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53161813                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16329082                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12579527                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     12949413                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9949                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       518533                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           20                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           48                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10542                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       400279                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        618861                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         9080                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13805099                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1789                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2527747                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       399364                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          928                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4696                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          229                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           48                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118781                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        67794                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       186575                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12747924                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2273271                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       164359                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  15                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            2668820                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        1938897                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           395549                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.402705                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             12582404                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            12579527                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         7618377                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        16490285                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.397385                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.461992                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10024922                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     11263014                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2542630                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1817                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       174829                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26890497                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.418847                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.286737                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22707500     84.44%     84.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1635941      6.08%     90.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1058490      3.94%     94.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       331085      1.23%     95.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       557070      2.07%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       106079      0.39%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67641      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        61211      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       365480      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26890497                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     10024922                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     11263014                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              2398036                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             2009214                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               907                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1730204                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         9835417                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       138373                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       365480                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           40330622                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          28011902                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                520623                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               4364967                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          10024922                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            11263014                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     10024922                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     3.157705                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               3.157705                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.316686                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.316686                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       59288289                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      16366843                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      14795614                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         1814                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               31655745                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        2139021                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1930024                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       114148                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       815257                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         761801                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         117937                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5064                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22659933                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             13436863                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           2139021                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       879738                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2656364                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        360325                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      3133384                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1301987                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       114390                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     28693037                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.549429                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.850607                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       26036673     90.74%     90.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          94038      0.33%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         193865      0.68%     91.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          82511      0.29%     92.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         440526      1.54%     93.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         393189      1.37%     94.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          75573      0.26%     95.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         159284      0.56%     95.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1217378      4.24%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     28693037                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.067571                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.424468                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       22427442                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      3367611                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2646379                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         8486                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       243114                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       187677                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          244                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     15754809                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1464                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       243114                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       22458015                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       3122233                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       143506                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2627748                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        98416                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     15744908                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           42                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        49105                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        33174                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents          848                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     18496088                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     74142541                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     74142541                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     16355021                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        2141058                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         1836                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          931                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          232805                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      3710946                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      1874806                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        17062                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        91446                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         15711324                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1841                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        15085953                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         9080                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1243462                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2996080                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           22                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     28693037                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525771                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316535                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     23276611     81.12%     81.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1652477      5.76%     86.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1339686      4.67%     91.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       577081      2.01%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       722615      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       684761      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       389380      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        31092      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        19334      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     28693037                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         37825     11.26%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead       289681     86.22%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8479      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9468783     62.77%     62.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       131664      0.87%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          902      0.01%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3614831     23.96%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1869773     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     15085953                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.476563                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            335985                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022271                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     59210008                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16957042                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14954865                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     15421938                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        26693                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       149015                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           60                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          417                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12513                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1328                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       243114                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles       3048713                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        29550                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15713184                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          182                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3710946                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1874806                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          933                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        18253                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           24                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          417                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        65529                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        68000                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       133529                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14979057                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3602748                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       106896                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  19                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            5472292                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        1962743                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          1869544                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.473186                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             14955381                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            14954865                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         8081245                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        15957601                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.472422                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.506420                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     12139102                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     14265148                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1449870                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1819                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       116424                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     28449923                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501413                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319841                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     23255897     81.74%     81.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1912058      6.72%     88.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       890399      3.13%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       875863      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       241735      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1001800      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        76445      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        55715      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       140011      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     28449923                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     12139102                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     14265148                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              5424218                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             3561925                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               908                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1884141                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        12684793                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       138169                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       140011                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           44024891                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          31673193                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                488274                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               2962708                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          12139102                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            14265148                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     12139102                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.607750                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.607750                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.383472                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.383472                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       74041051                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      17375879                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      18747586                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         1816                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  7                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               31655745                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        2741149                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2282471                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       250586                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1049160                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1001387                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         294089                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        11701                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23837625                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             15035551                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           2741149                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      1295476                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             3133278                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        697188                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      2217649                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.MiscStallCycles         5256                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           95                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1481395                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       239477                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     29638205                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.623294                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.985804                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       26504927     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         192147      0.65%     90.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         243925      0.82%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         386040      1.30%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         160048      0.54%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         206856      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         241685      0.82%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         109987      0.37%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1592590      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     29638205                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.086592                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.474971                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       23702383                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      2371984                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         3118197                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         1596                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       444040                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       416826                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          262                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     18371986                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1486                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       444040                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       23727052                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         77233                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      2226997                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         3095109                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        67764                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     18258307                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         9743                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        47041                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     25507652                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     84900355                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     84900355                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     21330322                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        4177324                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         4439                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2322                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          240936                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      1707580                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       893474                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        10468                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       201224                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         17824817                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4456                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        17096397                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17347                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2168030                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4416487                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          186                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     29638205                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576836                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301153                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     22394059     75.56%     75.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      3304511     11.15%     86.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1349991      4.55%     91.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       757866      2.56%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      1025674      3.46%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       314999      1.06%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       310463      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       167299      0.56%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        13343      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     29638205                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        118377     79.29%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        15627     10.47%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        15287     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     14403783     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       233587      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         2116      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1566475      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       890436      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     17096397                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.540072                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            149291                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008732                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     63997637                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     19997412                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     16651534                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     17245688                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        12864                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       321043                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          111                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12339                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            4                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       444040                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         58815                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         7499                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     17829276                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        13633                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1707580                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       893474                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2323                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         6606                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           10                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          111                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       147523                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       141041                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       288564                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     16798653                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1541280                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       297744                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            2431604                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        2375645                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           890324                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.530667                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             16651639                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            16651534                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         9977044                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        26792046                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.526019                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.372388                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     12409285                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     15291302                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2538065                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4270                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       252546                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29194165                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523779                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.342393                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22722619     77.83%     77.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3279795     11.23%     89.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1189581      4.07%     93.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       594019      2.03%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       542837      1.86%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       228398      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       225543      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       107292      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       304081      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29194165                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     12409285                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     15291302                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              2267668                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             1386533                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              2130                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          2216425                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        13767188                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       315763                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       304081                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           46719360                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          36102795                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                363047                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               2017540                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          12409285                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            15291302                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     12409285                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.550973                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.550973                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.392007                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.392007                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       75589003                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      23271581                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      16995984                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         4266                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               31655745                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        2189537                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1958938                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       175959                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1468273                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1440034                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         128657                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5310                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23199641                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             12444212                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           2189537                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      1568691                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2776077                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        578863                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       908955                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1405081                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       172371                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     27286639                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.510074                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.744077                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       24510562     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         427402      1.57%     91.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         211307      0.77%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         422250      1.55%     93.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         131738      0.48%     94.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         391698      1.44%     95.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          60444      0.22%     95.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          96562      0.35%     96.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        1034676      3.79%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     27286639                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.069167                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.393111                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       22998409                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      1115889                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2770358                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         2269                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       399710                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       203401                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred         2226                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     13893054                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         5177                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       399710                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       23022114                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        702305                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       339814                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2746682                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        76010                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     13872216                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           18                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        10684                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        57113                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     18153755                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     62825680                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     62825680                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     14680146                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        3473599                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         1833                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          932                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          178580                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      2526990                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       399203                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3209                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        90225                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         13799233                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1839                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        12908754                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8817                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2519301                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      5172223                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           21                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27286639                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.473080                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.084955                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21627239     79.26%     79.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1758739      6.45%     85.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1922063      7.04%     92.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1103430      4.04%     96.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       562560      2.06%     98.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       140651      0.52%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       164835      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3882      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3240      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27286639                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         21269     57.17%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8764     23.56%     80.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7169     19.27%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10107818     78.30%     78.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        99451      0.77%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          902      0.01%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2304947     17.86%     96.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       395636      3.06%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     12908754                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.407786                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             37202                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002882                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53150166                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16320416                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12578227                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     12945956                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9905                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       517569                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           23                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           46                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10380                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       399710                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        619542                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         9005                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13801089                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1802                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2526990                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       399203                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          931                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4547                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          231                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           46                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118401                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        68035                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       186436                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12745446                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2272269                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       163308                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  17                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            2667878                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        1939472                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           395609                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.402627                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             12581184                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            12578227                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         7617971                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        16492781                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.397344                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.461897                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10025605                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     11263697                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2537927                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1818                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       174670                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26886929                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.418928                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.286835                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22703368     84.44%     84.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1636797      6.09%     90.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1058071      3.94%     94.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       330846      1.23%     95.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       557507      2.07%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       105981      0.39%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67700      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        61185      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       365474      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26886929                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     10025605                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     11263697                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              2398240                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             2009417                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               907                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1730320                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         9835984                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       138373                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       365474                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           40323040                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          28003296                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                520791                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               4369106                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          10025605                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            11263697                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     10025605                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     3.157490                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               3.157490                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.316707                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.316707                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       59277870                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      16365618                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      14792161                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         1816                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               31655745                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        2220792                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1815772                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       219503                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       937508                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         876078                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         228245                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9800                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21573061                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             12593053                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           2220792                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      1104323                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2638566                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        634958                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      1063689                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1328368                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       220636                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     25685942                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599104                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.942568                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       23047376     89.73%     89.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         142266      0.55%     90.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         225594      0.88%     91.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         358034      1.39%     92.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         150255      0.58%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         169672      0.66%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         176847      0.69%     94.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         116646      0.45%     94.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        1299252      5.06%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     25685942                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.070154                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.397813                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       21372210                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      1266585                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2630113                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         6709                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       410323                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       364157                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          282                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     15375980                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1669                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       410323                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       21403391                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        272885                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       896646                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2606132                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        96563                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     15364772                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents         7902                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        26110                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        34350                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents         9714                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     21325544                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     71467825                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     71467825                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     18199213                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        3126318                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         4006                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2245                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          278924                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      1467359                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       788637                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23502                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       178892                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         15342806                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4021                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        14527206                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18790                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1937057                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4302709                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          468                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25685942                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565570                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258640                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19555042     76.13%     76.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2463225      9.59%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1346893      5.24%     90.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       916224      3.57%     94.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       856399      3.33%     97.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       247390      0.96%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       190811      0.74%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        65553      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44405      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25685942                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3361     12.70%     12.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        10081     38.10%     50.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13015     49.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12169523     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       228994      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1759      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1343842      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       783088      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     14527206                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.458912                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26457                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001821                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     54785601                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17284087                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14292134                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     14553663                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        44716                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       266136                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           53                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          208                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        25139                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          929                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       410323                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        180890                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13228                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15346857                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          824                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1467359                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       788637                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2246                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9671                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          208                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       127893                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       125374                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       253267                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14319793                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1264710                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       207413                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  30                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            2047393                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        2015993                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           782683                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.452360                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             14292362                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            14292134                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         8357271                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        21823632                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.451486                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.382946                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10689967                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     13103163                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2243746                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3553                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       223932                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     25275619                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518411                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369876                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19953511     78.94%     78.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2578564     10.20%     89.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1004072      3.97%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       540518      2.14%     95.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       404184      1.60%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       225427      0.89%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       139840      0.55%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       124034      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       305469      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     25275619                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     10689967                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     13103163                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              1964721                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             1201223                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              1772                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1880799                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        11807007                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       266166                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       305469                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           40316981                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          31104182                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                351504                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               5969803                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          10689967                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            13103163                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     10689967                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.961258                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.961258                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.337694                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.337694                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       64576132                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      19812053                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      14344138                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         3550                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               31655745                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        2141430                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1931579                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       114931                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       956994                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         765791                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         118233                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5138                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22723136                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             13451438                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           2141430                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       884024                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2661373                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        360015                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      3042218                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1306017                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       115274                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     28668943                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.550509                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.851776                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       26007570     90.72%     90.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          95000      0.33%     91.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         194330      0.68%     91.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          82217      0.29%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         442484      1.54%     93.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         394652      1.38%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          76861      0.27%     95.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         158801      0.55%     95.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1217028      4.25%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     28668943                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.067647                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.424929                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       22491269                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      3275805                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2651388                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         8501                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       241975                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       188440                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          241                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     15772580                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1458                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       241975                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       22521165                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles       3026454                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       145456                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2633572                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       100316                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     15762620                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           92                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        48218                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        32286                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5244                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     18512740                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     74230235                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     74230235                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     16389026                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        2123714                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         1842                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          937                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          227573                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      3718696                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      1879349                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        17121                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        91283                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         15729960                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1848                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        15116811                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         9238                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1227980                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2936134                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           25                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     28668943                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.527289                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.317601                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     23235935     81.05%     81.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1660468      5.79%     86.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1345155      4.69%     91.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       578992      2.02%     93.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       722483      2.52%     96.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       685828      2.39%     98.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       389810      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        31051      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        19221      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     28668943                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         38107     11.32%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead       290113     86.16%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8480      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9486897     62.76%     62.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       131672      0.87%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          904      0.01%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3623073     23.97%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1874265     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     15116811                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.477538                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            336700                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022273                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     59248503                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16960208                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14985841                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     15453511                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27060                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       148992                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           68                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          422                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        13010                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1331                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       241975                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles       2953177                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        29892                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15731832                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          188                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3718696                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1879349                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          938                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        18356                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           38                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          422                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        66442                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        67813                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       134255                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15009982                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3611078                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       106829                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  24                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            5485094                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        1967379                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          1874016                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.474163                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             14986346                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            14985841                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         8096436                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        15984768                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.473400                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.506509                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     12164736                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     14295203                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1438380                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1823                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       117251                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     28426968                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502875                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.321378                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     23221487     81.69%     81.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1916244      6.74%     88.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       892778      3.14%     91.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       877069      3.09%     94.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       243458      0.86%     95.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1003445      3.53%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        76526      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        55705      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       140256      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     28426968                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     12164736                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     14295203                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              5436043                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             3569704                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               910                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1888090                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        12711512                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       138449                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       140256                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           44020256                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          31709174                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                489939                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               2986802                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          12164736                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            14295203                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     12164736                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.602255                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.602255                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.384282                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.384282                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       74198946                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      17408965                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      18774772                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         1820                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  7                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               31655745                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        2742697                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2283773                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       250741                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1049770                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1001944                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         294250                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        11706                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23850591                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             15043800                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           2742697                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      1296194                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             3135004                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        697630                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      2196764                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.MiscStallCycles         3759                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           84                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1482218                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       239626                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     29630791                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.623794                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.986522                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       26495787     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         192249      0.65%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         244064      0.82%     90.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         386247      1.30%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         160146      0.54%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         206967      0.70%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         241809      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         110049      0.37%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1593473      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     29630791                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.086641                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.475231                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       23713792                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      2351153                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         3119915                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         1599                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       444327                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       417054                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          262                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     18382136                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1486                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       444327                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       23738474                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         77334                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      2206032                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         3096818                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        67796                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     18268410                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         9751                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        47061                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     25521640                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     84947329                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     84947329                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     21341482                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        4180115                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         4440                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2322                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          241071                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      1708553                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       893972                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        10470                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       201326                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         17834624                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4456                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        17105694                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17360                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2169469                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4419358                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          186                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     29630791                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577295                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301570                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     22382754     75.54%     75.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      3306236     11.16%     86.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1350737      4.56%     91.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       758273      2.56%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      1026238      3.46%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       315181      1.06%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       310646      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       167376      0.56%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        13350      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     29630791                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        118444     79.30%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        15631     10.46%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        15294     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     14411590     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       233702      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         2117      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1567352      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       890933      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     17105694                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.540366                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            149369                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008732                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     64008907                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     20008658                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     16660559                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     17255063                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        12876                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       321246                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          111                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12346                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            4                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       444327                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         58898                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         7509                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     17839083                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        13632                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1708553                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       893972                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2323                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         6614                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           10                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          111                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       147598                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       141137                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       288735                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     16807761                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1542146                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       297932                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            2432964                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        2376956                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           890818                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.530955                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             16660665                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            16660559                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         9982424                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        26806656                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.526304                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.372386                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     12415803                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     15299418                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2539733                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4270                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       252701                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29186464                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524196                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.342856                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22711554     77.82%     77.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3281466     11.24%     89.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1190227      4.08%     93.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       594321      2.04%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       543102      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       228513      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       225667      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       107352      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       304262      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29186464                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     12415803                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     15299418                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              2268930                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             1387304                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              2130                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          2217641                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        13774460                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       315930                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       304262                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           46721262                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          36122673                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                363267                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               2024954                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          12415803                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            15299418                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     12415803                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.549633                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.549633                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.392213                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.392213                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       75629984                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      23284091                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      17005319                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         4266                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               31655745                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        2182235                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1952447                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       175382                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1458666                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1433983                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         128063                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5255                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23118131                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             12403316                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           2182235                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      1562046                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2766243                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        576914                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       908224                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1399915                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       171757                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     27193196                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.510156                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.744360                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       24426953     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         425523      1.56%     91.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         210860      0.78%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         420267      1.55%     93.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         131241      0.48%     94.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         389994      1.43%     95.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          60307      0.22%     95.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          96461      0.35%     96.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        1031590      3.79%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     27193196                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.068936                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.391819                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       22917527                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      1114451                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2760585                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         2267                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       398362                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       202694                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred         2206                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     13847974                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         5095                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       398362                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       22941089                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        718394                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       322595                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2736955                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        75797                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     13827251                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           28                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        10464                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        57062                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     18097613                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     62624534                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     62624534                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     14634694                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        3462903                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         1823                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          923                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          177576                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      2516847                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       398270                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3462                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        90637                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         13754931                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1827                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        12865744                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8730                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2510814                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      5156970                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           14                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27193196                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.473124                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.085183                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21553580     79.26%     79.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1752675      6.45%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1914666      7.04%     92.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1099610      4.04%     96.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       560606      2.06%     98.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       140269      0.52%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       164650      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3882      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3258      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27193196                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         21213     57.17%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8727     23.52%     80.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7166     19.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10075526     78.31%     78.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        99333      0.77%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          900      0.01%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2295281     17.84%     96.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       394704      3.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     12865744                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.406427                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             37106                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002884                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52970520                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16267612                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12537041                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     12902850                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10210                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       515187                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           43                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10306                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       398362                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        635602                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8931                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13756773                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1812                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2516847                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       398270                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          922                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4484                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          223                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           43                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       117817                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        68127                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       185944                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12703029                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2263266                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       162715                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  15                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            2657931                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        1932818                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           394665                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.401287                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             12540035                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            12537041                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         7593532                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        16443307                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.396043                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.461801                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9992413                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     11227779                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2529521                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1813                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       174109                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26794834                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.419028                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.286951                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22624953     84.44%     84.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1630530      6.09%     90.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1055156      3.94%     94.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       330523      1.23%     95.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       555405      2.07%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       105504      0.39%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67444      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        60988      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       364331      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26794834                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      9992413                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     11227779                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              2389621                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             2001657                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               905                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1724678                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         9805043                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       138067                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       364331                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           40187764                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          27913307                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                518718                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               4462549                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           9992413                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            11227779                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      9992413                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     3.167978                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               3.167978                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.315659                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.315659                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       59080841                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      16313921                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      14742924                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         1810                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               31655745                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        2189381                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1959186                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       175761                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1464621                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1439725                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         128342                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5281                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23192900                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             12445817                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           2189381                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      1568067                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2775714                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        578809                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       906156                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1404488                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       172158                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     27276884                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.510291                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.744589                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       24501170     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         427346      1.57%     91.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         211486      0.78%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         421834      1.55%     93.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         131534      0.48%     94.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         391051      1.43%     95.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          60439      0.22%     95.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          96897      0.36%     96.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        1035127      3.79%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     27276884                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.069162                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.393161                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       22991973                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      1112767                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2770054                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         2218                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       399868                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       203217                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred         2216                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     13893979                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         5170                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       399868                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       23015681                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        700308                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       338702                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2746337                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        75984                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     13872916                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        10460                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        57423                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     18156828                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     62829017                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     62829017                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     14678009                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        3478793                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         1838                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          937                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          179114                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      2526994                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       398955                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3210                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        91019                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         13800427                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1844                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        12905857                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8709                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2522518                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      5189760                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           26                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27276884                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.473143                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.085142                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21619298     79.26%     79.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1758221      6.45%     85.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1920958      7.04%     92.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1103607      4.05%     96.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       561943      2.06%     98.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       140466      0.51%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       165213      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3905      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3273      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27276884                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         21193     57.11%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8744     23.56%     80.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7171     19.32%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10105807     78.30%     78.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        99527      0.77%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          902      0.01%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2304173     17.85%     96.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       395448      3.06%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     12905857                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.407694                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             37108                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002875                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53134415                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16324825                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12575956                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     12942965                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9688                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       518108                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           17                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           40                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10132                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       399868                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        617190                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         9059                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13802289                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1789                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2526994                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       398955                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          936                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4577                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          234                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           40                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118162                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        67915                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       186077                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12743072                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2271718                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       162785                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  18                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            2667132                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        1939008                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           395414                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.402552                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             12578730                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            12575956                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         7617714                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        16489246                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.397272                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.461981                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10023796                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     11261888                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2540924                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1818                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       174482                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26877016                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.419016                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.286885                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22693877     84.44%     84.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1636268      6.09%     90.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1058595      3.94%     94.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       331078      1.23%     95.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       556869      2.07%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       105987      0.39%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67832      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        61287      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       365223      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26877016                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     10023796                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     11261888                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              2397702                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             2008879                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               907                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1730014                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         9834481                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       138373                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       365223                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           40314566                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          28005848                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                520619                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               4378861                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          10023796                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            11261888                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     10023796                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     3.158060                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               3.158060                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.316650                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.316650                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       59266775                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      16364362                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      14793122                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         1816                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               31655745                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        2138062                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1928760                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       113733                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       829575                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         762443                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         117944                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5063                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22649797                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             13431264                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           2138062                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       880387                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2656462                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        358708                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      3099233                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1301273                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       114071                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     28647629                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.550074                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.851376                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       25991167     90.73%     90.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          94445      0.33%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         194205      0.68%     91.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          82488      0.29%     92.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         441197      1.54%     93.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         393278      1.37%     94.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          75645      0.26%     95.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         158691      0.55%     95.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        1216513      4.25%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     28647629                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.067541                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.424292                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       22413305                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      3337490                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2646357                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         8572                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       241900                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       187947                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          239                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     15748247                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1438                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       241900                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       22443585                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       3079868                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       154991                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2628080                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        99200                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     15738263                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           40                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        50920                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        32754                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents          883                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     18484559                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     74114412                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     74114412                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     16356774                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        2127781                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         1840                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          938                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          232063                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      3710712                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      1875032                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        17157                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        91619                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         15704804                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1846                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        15083995                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         9218                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1235358                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2975695                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           27                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     28647629                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.526536                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.317123                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     23230226     81.09%     81.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1653559      5.77%     86.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1339833      4.68%     91.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       578102      2.02%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       721836      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       684725      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       389129      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        31031      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        19188      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     28647629                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         37947     11.29%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead       289644     86.18%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8490      2.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9466244     62.76%     62.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       131765      0.87%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          902      0.01%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3615090     23.97%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1869994     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     15083995                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.476501                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            336081                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022281                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     59160918                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16942428                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14953221                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     15420076                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27182                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       148660                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           65                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          422                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12659                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1329                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       241900                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles       3002815                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        30139                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15706672                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          162                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3710712                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1875032                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          938                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        18586                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           27                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          422                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        65384                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        67829                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       133213                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14977466                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3603234                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       106529                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  22                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            5472991                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        1963101                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          1869757                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.473136                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             14953760                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            14953221                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         8080716                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        15956027                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.472370                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.506437                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     12140123                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     14266433                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1442101                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1819                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       116028                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     28405729                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502238                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320720                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     23210834     81.71%     81.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1912702      6.73%     88.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       890170      3.13%     91.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       876358      3.09%     94.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       241884      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1001605      3.53%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        76482      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        55688      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       140006      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     28405729                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     12140123                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     14266433                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              5424425                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             3562052                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               908                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1884307                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        12685970                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       138200                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       140006                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           43974218                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          31659005                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                487936                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               3008116                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          12140123                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            14266433                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     12140123                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.607531                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.607531                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.383505                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.383505                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       74035195                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      17370509                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      18742635                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         1816                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               31655745                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        2185236                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1955010                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       175659                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1464816                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1435920                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         128563                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5246                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23157429                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             12422802                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           2185236                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      1564483                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2771157                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        577850                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       900918                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1402353                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       172093                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     27230758                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.510339                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.744726                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       24459601     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         426971      1.57%     91.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         210696      0.77%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         421086      1.55%     93.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         131521      0.48%     94.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         390151      1.43%     95.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          60407      0.22%     95.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          96577      0.35%     96.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1033748      3.80%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     27230758                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.069031                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.392434                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       22955905                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      1108092                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2765442                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         2304                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       399011                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       203093                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred         2213                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     13871999                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         5111                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       399011                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       22979614                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        695300                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       339087                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2741699                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        76043                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     13851092                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           30                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        10657                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        57038                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     18128636                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     62735420                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     62735420                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     14659982                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        3468628                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         1829                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          929                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          178569                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      2520801                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       399142                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3346                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        91126                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         13778715                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1834                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        12889142                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8703                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2516063                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      5166285                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           17                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27230758                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.473330                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.085320                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21580483     79.25%     79.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1756510      6.45%     85.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1917826      7.04%     92.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1101407      4.04%     96.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       562163      2.06%     98.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       140485      0.52%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       164748      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3894      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3242      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27230758                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         21170     57.14%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8709     23.51%     80.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7168     19.35%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10093968     78.31%     78.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        99481      0.77%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          902      0.01%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2299172     17.84%     96.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       395619      3.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     12889142                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.407166                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             37047                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002874                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53054789                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16296655                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12559125                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     12926189                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9795                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       516468                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           46                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10328                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       399011                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        612436                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         9063                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13780564                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1817                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2520801                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       399142                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          927                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4566                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          235                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           46                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       117874                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        68044                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       185918                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12726233                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2266810                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       162906                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  15                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            2662389                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        1935812                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           395579                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.402020                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             12562081                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            12559125                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         7606740                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        16476824                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.396741                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.461663                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10008540                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     11246632                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2534458                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1817                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       174379                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26831747                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.419154                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.286921                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22653509     84.43%     84.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1634751      6.09%     90.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1056873      3.94%     94.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       331200      1.23%     95.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       556054      2.07%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       106056      0.40%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67526      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        61341      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       364437      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26831747                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     10008540                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     11246632                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              2393140                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             2004326                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               907                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1727485                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         9821746                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       138369                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       364437                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           40248361                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          27961545                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                519216                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               4424987                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          10008540                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            11246632                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     10008540                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     3.162873                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               3.162873                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.316168                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.316168                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       59186269                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      16343659                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      14765436                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         1814                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               31653613                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        2454183                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2008368                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       241906                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1008099                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         963546                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         252510                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10996                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23599469                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             13724171                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           2454183                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      1216056                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2863891                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        662741                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      1243425                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.MiscStallCycles          456                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1446480                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       242018                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     28125000                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599313                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.935663                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       25261109     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         134002      0.48%     90.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         211266      0.75%     91.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         286808      1.02%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         295416      1.05%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         249738      0.89%     94.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         138797      0.49%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         207341      0.74%     95.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1340523      4.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     28125000                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.077532                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.433574                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       23359511                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      1486274                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2858409                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         3357                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       417448                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       403613                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          265                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     16840224                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1550                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       417448                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       23423884                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        193038                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      1145950                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2797993                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       146684                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     16832643                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           34                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        21096                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        63256                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     23486695                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     78304323                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     78304323                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     20302656                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        3183895                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         4090                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2090                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          436892                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      1578242                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       851931                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9947                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       309716                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         16808419                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4104                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        15941589                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2314                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1896462                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4559386                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           80                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     28125000                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566812                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.254963                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21298499     75.73%     75.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2869908     10.20%     85.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1437315      5.11%     91.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1030326      3.66%     94.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       815338      2.90%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       337001      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       211457      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       110274      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        14882      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     28125000                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3134     11.64%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        10235     38.01%     49.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13561     50.36%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     13407867     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       238222      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1995      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1444416      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       849089      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     15941589                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.503626                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26930                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001689                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     60037422                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18709059                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15697931                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     15968519                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        31783                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       259562                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           78                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        13108                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       417448                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        158042                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        14271                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16812555                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7408                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1578242                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       851931                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2095                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        12073                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           78                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       139583                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       137062                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       276645                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15718210                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1358190                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       223379                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  32                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            2207221                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        2233425                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           849031                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.496569                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             15698074                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            15697931                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         9015096                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        24293843                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.495929                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.371086                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11835221                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     14562591                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2249868                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4024                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       244709                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27707552                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525582                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.362319                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21662728     78.18%     78.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3030362     10.94%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1112084      4.01%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       532857      1.92%     95.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       491424      1.77%     96.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       259387      0.94%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       199811      0.72%     98.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       103199      0.37%     98.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       315700      1.14%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27707552                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     11835221                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     14562591                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              2157481                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             1318667                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              2008                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          2099975                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        13120602                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       299827                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       315700                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           44204233                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          34042494                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                359968                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               3528613                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          11835221                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            14562591                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     11835221                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.674527                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.674527                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.373898                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.373898                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       70733208                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      21870946                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      15606344                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         4020                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  7                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               31655745                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        2738915                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2280625                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       250397                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1048327                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1000584                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         293849                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        11691                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23818110                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             15023304                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           2738915                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      1294433                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             3130728                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        696657                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      2241344                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.MiscStallCycles         3568                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           84                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1480191                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       239291                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     29637796                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.622796                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.985089                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       26507068     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         191991      0.65%     90.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         243732      0.82%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         385721      1.30%     92.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         159915      0.54%     92.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         206686      0.70%     93.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         241486      0.81%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         109903      0.37%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        1591294      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     29637796                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.086522                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.474584                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       23681276                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      2395566                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         3115654                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         1595                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       443700                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       416477                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          262                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     18356998                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1486                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       443700                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       23705935                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         77213                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      2250648                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         3092575                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        67715                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     18243365                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         9734                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        47009                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     25486853                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     84830956                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     84830956                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     21312712                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        4174109                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         4435                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2320                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          240767                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      1706205                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       892742                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        10457                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       201050                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         17810276                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4452                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        17082389                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17329                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2166385                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4413312                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          186                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     29637796                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576372                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.300723                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     22399546     75.58%     75.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      3301796     11.14%     86.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1348933      4.55%     91.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       757272      2.56%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      1024807      3.46%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       314780      1.06%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       310181      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       167151      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        13330      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     29637796                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        118275     79.29%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        15611     10.47%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        15274     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     14391949     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       233385      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         2114      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1565235      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       889706      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     17082389                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.539630                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            149160                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008732                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     63969063                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     19981222                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     16637876                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     17231549                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        12854                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       320798                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          111                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12328                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            4                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       443700                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         58800                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         7498                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     17814731                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        13616                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1706205                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       892742                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2321                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         6604                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           10                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          111                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       147418                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       140927                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       288345                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     16784898                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1540058                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       297491                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            2429656                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        2373702                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           889598                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.530232                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             16637981                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            16637876                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         9968897                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        26770293                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.525588                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.372387                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     12399032                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     15278681                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2536146                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4266                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       252355                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29194096                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523348                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.341927                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22727911     77.85%     77.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3277060     11.23%     89.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1188620      4.07%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       593521      2.03%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       542381      1.86%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       228199      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       225363      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       107207      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       303834      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29194096                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     12399032                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     15278681                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              2265821                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             1385407                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              2128                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          2214607                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        13755803                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       315495                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       303834                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           46704998                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          36073378                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                362765                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               2017949                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          12399032                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            15278681                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     12399032                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.553082                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.553082                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.391683                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.391683                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       75527112                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      23252531                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      16982140                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         4262                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               31655745                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        2337046                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1916521                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       231525                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       962475                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         910860                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         239318                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10329                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22340508                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             13285193                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           2337046                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      1150178                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2919774                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        656822                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      2066376                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1378369                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       230345                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     27747661                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585297                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.922549                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       24827887     89.48%     89.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         316452      1.14%     90.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         364849      1.31%     91.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         200829      0.72%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         230611      0.83%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         127827      0.46%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          88577      0.32%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         226096      0.81%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1364533      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     27747661                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.073827                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.419677                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       22158236                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      2252416                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2895216                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        23141                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       418648                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       379149                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred         2356                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     16211202                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts        12086                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       418648                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       22194004                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        670245                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      1483085                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2883141                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        98534                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     16200462                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        23551                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        46510                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     22521010                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     75421718                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     75421718                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     19214856                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        3306122                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         4149                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2272                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          269567                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      1546467                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       841345                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22019                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       186456                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         16169895                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4154                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        15279588                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        21363                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2020155                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4681730                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          379                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27747661                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.550662                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243423                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21308581     76.79%     76.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2589995      9.33%     86.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1391506      5.01%     91.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       965843      3.48%     94.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       840452      3.03%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       428761      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       104722      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        67301      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        50500      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27747661                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3881     11.95%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13778     42.44%     54.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        14807     45.61%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12790391     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       238714      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1871      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1413401      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       835211      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     15279588                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.482680                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32466                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002125                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     58360661                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18194375                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15023738                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     15312054                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        38052                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       273665                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           84                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          174                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        18136                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          935                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          720                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       418648                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        616064                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        15757                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16174077                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7817                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1546467                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       841345                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2269                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11313                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          174                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       134298                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       129530                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       263828                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15052623                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1327228                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       226960                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  28                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            2162212                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        2107260                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           834984                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.475510                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             15024043                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            15023738                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         8928183                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        23376378                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.474598                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.381932                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11282586                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     13842540                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2331707                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3775                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       232638                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27329012                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506514                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.322539                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21672527     79.30%     79.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2622882      9.60%     88.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1100053      4.03%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       660078      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       457425      1.67%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       296345      1.08%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       153282      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       123159      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       243261      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27329012                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     11282586                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     13842540                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              2096008                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             1272799                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              1884                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1981391                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        12479292                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       281610                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       243261                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           43259920                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          32767187                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                343653                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               3908084                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          11282586                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            13842540                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     11282586                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.805717                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.805717                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.356415                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.356415                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       67897002                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      20857980                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      15132846                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         3770                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                         2026                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.855684                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         138563                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         4074                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        34.011537                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.745881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    19.095466                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   943.271163                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1056.743173                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.009324                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.460582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.515988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4037                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                  4038                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks            760                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                 760                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                   9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                   4047                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4046                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                  4047                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1996                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                2026                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1996                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                 2026                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1996                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                2026                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     50568957                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1631325515                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1681894472                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     50568957                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1631325515                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total     1681894472                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     50568957                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1631325515                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total    1681894472                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         6033                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total              6064                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          760                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total             760                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         6042                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total               6073                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         6042                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total              6073                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.330847                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.334103                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.330354                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.333608                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.330354                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.333608                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1685631.900000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 817297.352204                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 830155.218164                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1685631.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 817297.352204                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 830155.218164                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1685631.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 817297.352204                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 830155.218164                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                269                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                     269                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2026                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total            2026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1996                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total           2026                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     47934845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1456032088                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1503966933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     47934845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1456032088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1503966933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     47934845                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1456032088                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1503966933                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.330847                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334103                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.330354                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333608                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.330354                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333608                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1597828.166667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 729474.993988                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 742333.135735                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1597828.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 729474.993988                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 742333.135735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1597828.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 729474.993988                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 742333.135735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                         1421                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.366680                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         171181                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         3469                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        49.345921                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.635144                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    28.228625                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   655.028009                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1337.474902                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.013784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.319838                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.653064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3303                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                  3305                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1058                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                1058                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3321                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                   3323                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3321                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                  3323                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1380                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                1420                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1380                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                 1420                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1380                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                1420                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     77941131                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1173044135                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1250985266                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     77941131                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1173044135                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total     1250985266                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     77941131                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1173044135                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total    1250985266                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         4683                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total              4725                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1058                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total            1058                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         4701                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total               4743                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         4701                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total              4743                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.294683                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.300529                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.293555                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.299389                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.293555                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.299389                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1948528.275000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 850031.981884                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 880975.539437                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1948528.275000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 850031.981884                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 880975.539437                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1948528.275000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 850031.981884                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 880975.539437                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                613                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                     613                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l201.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l201.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l201.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l201.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total            1419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1379                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total           1419                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     74425924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1050251522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1124677446                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     74425924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1050251522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1124677446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     74425924                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1050251522                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1124677446                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.294469                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.300317                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.293342                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299178                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.293342                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299178                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1860648.100000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 761603.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 792584.528541                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1860648.100000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 761603.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 792584.528541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1860648.100000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 761603.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 792584.528541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                         2021                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.855795                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         138557                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         4069                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        34.051855                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.745524                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    19.954169                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   942.901117                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1056.254984                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.009743                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.460401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.515750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         4032                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                  4033                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks            759                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                 759                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                   9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         4041                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                   4042                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         4041                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                  4042                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1990                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                2021                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1990                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                 2021                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1990                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                2021                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     65264576                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1588503467                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1653768043                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     65264576                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1588503467                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total     1653768043                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     65264576                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1588503467                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total    1653768043                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         6022                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total              6054                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          759                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total             759                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         6031                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total               6063                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           32                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         6031                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total              6063                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.330455                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.333829                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.329962                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.333333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.329962                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.333333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2105308.903226                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 798242.948241                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 818291.955962                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2105308.903226                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 798242.948241                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 818291.955962                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2105308.903226                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 798242.948241                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 818291.955962                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                268                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                     268                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total            2021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1990                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total           2021                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     62541777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1413736808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1476278585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     62541777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1413736808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1476278585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     62541777                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1413736808                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1476278585                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.330455                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333829                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.329962                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.329962                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2017476.677419                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 710420.506533                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730469.364176                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2017476.677419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 710420.506533                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730469.364176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2017476.677419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 710420.506533                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730469.364176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                         4088                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.933516                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         167498                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         6136                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        27.297588                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.001038                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    12.688415                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1300.290506                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data         729.953557                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.006196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.634907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.356423                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         4775                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                  4776                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1543                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                1543                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         4778                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                   4779                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         4778                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                  4779                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4050                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                4082                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4056                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                 4088                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4056                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                4088                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     51413194                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3871485344                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3922898538                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      5310318                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      5310318                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     51413194                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3876795662                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total     3928208856                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     51413194                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3876795662                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total    3928208856                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         8825                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total              8858                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1543                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total            1543                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         8834                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total               8867                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         8834                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total              8867                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.458924                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.460826                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.459135                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.461035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.459135                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.461035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1606662.312500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 955922.307160                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 961023.649682                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       885053                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       885053                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1606662.312500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 955817.470907                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 960912.146771                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1606662.312500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 955817.470907                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 960912.146771                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                708                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                     708                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           4082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total            4088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4056                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total           4088                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     48602751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3515818262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3564421013                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      4782580                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4782580                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     48602751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3520600842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3569203593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     48602751                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3520600842                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3569203593                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.458924                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460826                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.459135                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.461035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.459135                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.461035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1518835.968750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 868103.274568                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 873204.559775                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 797096.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 797096.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1518835.968750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 867998.235207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 873092.855431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1518835.968750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 867998.235207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 873092.855431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                         1110                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.489671                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         194240                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         3155                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        61.565769                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.421046                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    28.869847                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   524.692781                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1455.505997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.014097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.256198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.710696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3357                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                  3359                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1067                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                1067                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           21                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                  21                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3378                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                   3380                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3378                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                  3380                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1074                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                1110                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1074                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                 1110                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1074                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                1110                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    106286505                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    890400856                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     996687361                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    106286505                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    890400856                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total      996687361                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    106286505                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    890400856                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total     996687361                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4431                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total              4469                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1067                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total            1067                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           21                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total              21                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total               4490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total              4490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.242383                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.248378                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.241240                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.247216                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.241240                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.247216                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2952402.916667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 829051.076350                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 897916.541441                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2952402.916667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 829051.076350                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 897916.541441                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2952402.916667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 829051.076350                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 897916.541441                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                587                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                     587                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total            1110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1074                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total           1110                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    103125705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    796095246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    899220951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    103125705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    796095246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    899220951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    103125705                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    796095246                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    899220951                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.242383                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.248378                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.241240                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.247216                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.241240                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.247216                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2864602.916667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 741243.245810                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 810108.964865                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2864602.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 741243.245810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 810108.964865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2864602.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 741243.245810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 810108.964865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                         2028                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.859221                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         138546                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         4076                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        33.990677                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.748122                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    22.229910                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   945.025530                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1051.855658                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014037                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.010854                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.461438                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.513601                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         4022                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                  4023                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks            758                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                 758                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                   9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         4031                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                   4032                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         4031                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                  4032                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1994                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                2028                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1994                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                 2028                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1994                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                2028                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     69988586                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1593443720                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1663432306                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     69988586                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1593443720                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total     1663432306                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     69988586                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1593443720                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total    1663432306                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         6016                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total              6051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          758                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total             758                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         6025                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total               6060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         6025                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total              6060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.331449                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.335151                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.330954                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.334653                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.330954                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.334653                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2058487.823529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 799119.217653                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 820232.892505                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2058487.823529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 799119.217653                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 820232.892505                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2058487.823529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 799119.217653                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 820232.892505                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                270                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                     270                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2028                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total            2028                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1994                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total           2028                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     67002899                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1418331438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1485334337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     67002899                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1418331438                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1485334337                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     67002899                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1418331438                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1485334337                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.331449                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335151                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.330954                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334653                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.330954                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334653                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1970673.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 711299.617854                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 732413.381164                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1970673.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 711299.617854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 732413.381164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1970673.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 711299.617854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 732413.381164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                         3521                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.558846                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         137466                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         5568                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        24.688578                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.595085                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    20.504669                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   939.275367                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1075.183725                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.006150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.010012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.458631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.524992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4329                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                  4330                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks            892                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                 892                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                  12                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4341                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                   4342                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4341                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                  4342                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3482                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                3516                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3488                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                 3522                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3488                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                3522                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     42673841                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3247234322                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3289908163                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      8648278                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      8648278                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     42673841                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3255882600                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total     3298556441                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     42673841                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3255882600                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total    3298556441                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         7811                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total              7846                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          892                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total             892                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         7829                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total               7864                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         7829                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total              7864                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.445782                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.448126                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.445523                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.447864                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.445523                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.447864                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1255112.970588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 932577.346927                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 935696.292093                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1441379.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1441379.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1255112.970588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 933452.580275                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 936557.762919                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1255112.970588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 933452.580275                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 936557.762919                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                542                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                     542                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total            3522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3488                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total           3522                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     39686623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2941425369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2981111992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      8121478                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8121478                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     39686623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2949546847                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2989233470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     39686623                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2949546847                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2989233470                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.445782                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.448126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.445523                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.447864                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.445523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.447864                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1167253.617647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 844751.685526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 847870.304892                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1353579.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1353579.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1167253.617647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 845626.963016                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 848731.819989                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1167253.617647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 845626.963016                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 848731.819989                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                         4070                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.935316                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         167527                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         6118                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        27.382641                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.008275                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    13.019480                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1298.557876                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data         731.349685                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002445                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.006357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.634061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.357104                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         4799                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                  4800                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1548                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                1548                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         4802                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                   4803                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         4802                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                  4803                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         4030                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                4064                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         4036                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                 4070                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         4036                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                4070                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     64391690                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3834190599                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3898582289                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      9123183                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      9123183                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     64391690                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3843313782                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total     3907705472                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     64391690                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3843313782                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total    3907705472                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         8829                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total              8864                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1548                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total            1548                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         8838                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total               8873                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         8838                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total              8873                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.456450                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.458484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.456664                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.458695                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.456664                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.458695                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1893873.235294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 951412.059305                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 959296.823081                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1520530.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1520530.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1893873.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 952258.122398                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 960124.194595                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1893873.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 952258.122398                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 960124.194595                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                709                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                     709                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         4030                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           4064                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         4036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total            4070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         4036                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total           4070                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     61406490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3480328700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3541735190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      8596383                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8596383                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     61406490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3488925083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3550331573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     61406490                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3488925083                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3550331573                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.456450                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.456664                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458695                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.456664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458695                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1806073.235294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 863605.136476                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 871489.958169                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1432730.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1432730.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1806073.235294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 864451.209861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 872317.339803                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1806073.235294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 864451.209861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 872317.339803                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                         1110                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.487446                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         194243                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         3155                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        61.566719                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.419212                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    28.873902                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   524.958523                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1455.235809                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018759                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.014099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.256327                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.710564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3360                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                  3362                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1067                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                1067                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           21                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                  21                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3381                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                   3383                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3381                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                  3383                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1074                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                1110                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1074                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                 1110                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1074                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                1110                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    103861384                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    877145433                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     981006817                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    103861384                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    877145433                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total      981006817                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    103861384                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    877145433                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total     981006817                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         4434                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total              4472                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1067                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total            1067                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           21                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total              21                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         4455                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total               4493                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         4455                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total              4493                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.242219                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.248211                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.241077                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.247051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.241077                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.247051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2885038.444444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 816708.969274                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 883789.925225                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2885038.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 816708.969274                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 883789.925225                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2885038.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 816708.969274                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 883789.925225                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                587                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                     587                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total            1110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1074                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total           1110                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    100699593                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    782822712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    883522305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    100699593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    782822712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    883522305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    100699593                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    782822712                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    883522305                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.242219                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.248211                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.241077                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.247051                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.241077                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.247051                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2797210.916667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 728885.206704                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 795966.040541                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2797210.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 728885.206704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 795966.040541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2797210.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 728885.206704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 795966.040541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                         2023                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.853813                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         138552                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         4071                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        34.033898                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.749692                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    20.708602                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   940.900803                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1057.494715                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.010112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.459424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.516355                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         4029                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                  4030                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks            757                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                 757                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                   9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         4038                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                   4039                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         4038                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                  4039                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1991                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                2023                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1991                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                 2023                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1991                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                2023                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     63826952                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1633844355                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1697671307                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     63826952                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1633844355                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total     1697671307                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     63826952                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1633844355                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total    1697671307                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         6020                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total              6053                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          757                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total             757                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         6029                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total               6062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         6029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total              6062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.330731                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.334214                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.330237                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.333718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.330237                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.333718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1994592.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 820614.944751                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 839185.025704                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1994592.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 820614.944751                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 839185.025704                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1994592.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 820614.944751                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 839185.025704                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                271                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                     271                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total            2023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1991                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total           2023                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     61017278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1458972169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1519989447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     61017278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1458972169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1519989447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     61017278                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1458972169                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1519989447                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.330731                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334214                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.330237                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.330237                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1906789.937500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 732783.610748                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 751354.150766                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1906789.937500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 732783.610748                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 751354.150766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1906789.937500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 732783.610748                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 751354.150766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                         2024                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.845501                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         138560                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         4072                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        34.027505                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.741971                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    20.867208                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   944.365769                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1053.870553                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.010189                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.461116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.514585                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         4032                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                  4033                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks            762                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                 762                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                   9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         4041                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                   4042                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         4041                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                  4042                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1991                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                2024                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1991                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                 2024                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1991                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                2024                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     52042857                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1588258356                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1640301213                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     52042857                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1588258356                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total     1640301213                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     52042857                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1588258356                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total    1640301213                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         6023                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total              6057                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          762                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total             762                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         6032                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total               6066                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         6032                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total              6066                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.330566                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.334159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.330073                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.333663                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.330073                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.333663                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1577056.272727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 797718.913109                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 810425.500494                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1577056.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 797718.913109                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 810425.500494                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1577056.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 797718.913109                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 810425.500494                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                269                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                     269                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2024                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total            2024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1991                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total           2024                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     49145457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1413418869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1462564326                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     49145457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1413418869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1462564326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     49145457                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1413418869                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1462564326                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.330566                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.330073                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.330073                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1489256.272727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 709904.002511                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 722610.833004                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1489256.272727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 709904.002511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 722610.833004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1489256.272727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 709904.002511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 722610.833004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                         4077                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.933833                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         167489                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         6125                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        27.345143                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.018660                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    13.375176                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1297.484397                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data         732.055600                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.006531                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.633537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.357449                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         4767                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                  4768                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1542                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                1542                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         4770                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                   4771                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         4770                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                  4771                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4037                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                4071                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4043                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                 4077                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4043                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                4077                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     66725849                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3877634217                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3944360066                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      6640300                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      6640300                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     66725849                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3884274517                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total     3951000366                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     66725849                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3884274517                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total    3951000366                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8804                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total              8839                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1542                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total            1542                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8813                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total               8848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8813                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total              8848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.458542                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.460572                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.458754                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.460782                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.458754                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.460782                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1962524.970588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 960523.709933                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 968892.180300                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1106716.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1106716.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1962524.970588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 960740.667079                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 969095.012509                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1962524.970588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 960740.667079                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 969095.012509                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                709                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                     709                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           4071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total            4077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4043                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total           4077                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     63739602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3523096621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3586836223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      6113500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6113500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     63739602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3529210121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3592949723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     63739602                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3529210121                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3592949723                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.458542                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460572                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.458754                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460782                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.458754                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460782                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1874694.176471                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 872701.664850                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 881070.062147                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1018916.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1018916.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1874694.176471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 872918.654712                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 881272.926907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1874694.176471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 872918.654712                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 881272.926907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                         2022                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.860607                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         138540                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         4070                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        34.039312                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.752531                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    18.255622                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   941.754768                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1059.097685                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.008914                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.459841                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.517138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999932                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4017                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                  4018                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks            757                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                 757                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                   9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4026                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                   4027                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4026                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                  4027                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1993                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                2022                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1993                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                 2022                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1993                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                2022                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     51147717                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1616204581                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1667352298                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     51147717                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1616204581                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total     1667352298                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     51147717                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1616204581                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total    1667352298                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         6010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total              6040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          757                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total             757                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         6019                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total               6049                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         6019                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total              6049                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.331614                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.334768                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.331118                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.334270                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.331118                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.334270                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1763714.379310                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 810940.582539                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 824605.488625                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1763714.379310                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 810940.582539                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 824605.488625                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1763714.379310                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 810940.582539                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 824605.488625                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                270                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                     270                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total            2022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1993                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total           2022                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     48601517                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1441161510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1489763027                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     48601517                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1441161510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1489763027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     48601517                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1441161510                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1489763027                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.331614                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334768                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.331118                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334270                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.331118                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334270                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1675914.379310                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 723111.645760                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 736776.966864                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1675914.379310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 723111.645760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 736776.966864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1675914.379310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 723111.645760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 736776.966864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                         1420                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.374579                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         171172                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         3468                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        49.357555                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.633446                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    29.685651                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   653.987103                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1337.068378                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.014495                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.319330                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.652865                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3297                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                  3299                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1055                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                1055                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3315                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                   3317                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3315                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                  3317                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1377                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                1420                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1377                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                 1420                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1377                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                1420                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     90894456                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1161944616                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1252839072                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     90894456                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1161944616                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total     1252839072                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     90894456                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1161944616                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total    1252839072                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         4674                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total              4719                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1055                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total            1055                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         4692                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total               4737                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           45                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         4692                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total              4737                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.955556                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.294608                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.300911                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.955556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.293478                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.299768                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.955556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.293478                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.299768                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2113824.558140                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 843823.250545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 882281.036620                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2113824.558140                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 843823.250545                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 882281.036620                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2113824.558140                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 843823.250545                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 882281.036620                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                612                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                     612                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l213.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l213.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l213.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l213.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1376                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total            1419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1376                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total           1419                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     87117416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1039970220                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1127087636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     87117416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1039970220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1127087636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     87117416                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1039970220                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1127087636                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.955556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.294395                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.300699                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.955556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.293265                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299557                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.955556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.293265                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299557                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2025986.418605                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 755792.311047                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 794283.041579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2025986.418605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 755792.311047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 794283.041579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2025986.418605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 755792.311047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 794283.041579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                         1110                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.491262                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         194239                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         3155                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        61.565452                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.423077                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    28.878365                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   524.588366                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1455.601454                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.014101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.256147                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.710743                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                  3358                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1067                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                1067                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           21                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                  21                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3377                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                   3379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3377                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                  3379                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1074                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                1110                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1074                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                 1110                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1074                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                1110                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    106561534                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    902232339                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1008793873                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    106561534                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    902232339                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total     1008793873                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    106561534                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    902232339                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total    1008793873                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         4430                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total              4468                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1067                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total            1067                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           21                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total              21                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         4451                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total               4489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         4451                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total              4489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.242438                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.248433                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.241294                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.247271                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.241294                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.247271                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2960042.611111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 840067.354749                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 908823.309009                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2960042.611111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 840067.354749                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 908823.309009                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2960042.611111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 840067.354749                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 908823.309009                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                587                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                     587                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total            1110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1074                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total           1110                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    103400734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    807908928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    911309662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    103400734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    807908928                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    911309662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    103400734                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    807908928                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    911309662                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.242438                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.248433                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.241294                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.247271                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.241294                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.247271                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2872242.611111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 752242.949721                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 820999.695495                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2872242.611111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 752242.949721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 820999.695495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2872242.611111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 752242.949721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 820999.695495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                         2066                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.531674                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         194609                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         4112                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        47.327091                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          47.531217                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    23.515544                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   877.370453                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1099.114459                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.023209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.011482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.428404                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.536677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         4051                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                  4052                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks           2185                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                2185                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         4069                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                   4070                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         4069                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                  4070                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2026                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                2065                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2026                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                 2065                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2026                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                2065                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     69932097                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1720391565                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1790323662                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     69932097                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1720391565                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total     1790323662                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     69932097                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1720391565                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total    1790323662                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         6077                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total              6117                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2185                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total            2185                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         6095                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total               6135                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         6095                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total              6135                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.333388                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.337584                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.332404                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.336593                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.332404                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.336593                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1793130.692308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 849156.744817                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 866984.824213                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1793130.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 849156.744817                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 866984.824213                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1793130.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 849156.744817                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 866984.824213                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks               1182                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                    1182                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2026                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2065                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total            2065                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2026                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total           2065                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     66507897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1542484558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1608992455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     66507897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1542484558                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1608992455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     66507897                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1542484558                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1608992455                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.333388                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337584                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.332404                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.336593                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.332404                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.336593                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1705330.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 761344.796644                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 779173.101695                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1705330.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 761344.796644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 779173.101695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1705330.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 761344.796644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 779173.101695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              551.754865                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001432646                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1794682.161290                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    25.584475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   526.170390                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.041001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.843222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.884223                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1400377                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1400377                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1400377                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1400377                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1400377                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1400377                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     66806221                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     66806221                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     66806221                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     66806221                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     66806221                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     66806221                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1400420                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1400420                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1400420                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1400420                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1400420                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1400420                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1553633.046512                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1553633.046512                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1553633.046512                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1553633.046512                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1553633.046512                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1553633.046512                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     50884756                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     50884756                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     50884756                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     50884756                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     50884756                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     50884756                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1641443.741935                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1641443.741935                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1641443.741935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1641443.741935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1641443.741935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1641443.741935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 6042                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              221205114                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 6298                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             35123.073039                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   184.428970                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    71.571030                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.720426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.279574                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      2072847                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2072847                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       386434                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       386434                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          914                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          914                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          907                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          907                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      2459281                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        2459281                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      2459281                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       2459281                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        21104                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        21104                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        21141                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        21141                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        21141                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        21141                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   9359534826                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9359534826                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      3178258                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3178258                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   9362713084                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9362713084                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   9362713084                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9362713084                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      2093951                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2093951                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       386471                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       386471                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          914                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          914                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          907                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          907                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      2480422                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2480422                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      2480422                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2480422                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.010079                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010079                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008523                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008523                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008523                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008523                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 443495.774545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 443495.774545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 85898.864865                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85898.864865                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 442869.924980                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 442869.924980                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 442869.924980                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 442869.924980                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          760                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             760                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        15071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        15071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        15099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        15099                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15099                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         6033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         6042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         6042                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6042                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1912363345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1912363345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       589852                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       589852                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1912953197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1912953197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1912953197                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1912953197                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002881                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002881                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002436                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002436                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002436                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002436                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 316983.813194                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316983.813194                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 65539.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65539.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 316609.267958                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316609.267958                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 316609.267958                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316609.267958                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              507.653122                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1074580844                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             2078492.928433                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    32.653122                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.052329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.813547                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1445307                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1445307                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1445307                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1445307                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1445307                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1445307                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     90436336                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     90436336                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     90436336                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     90436336                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     90436336                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     90436336                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1445362                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1445362                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1445362                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1445362                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1445362                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1445362                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1644297.018182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1644297.018182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1644297.018182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1644297.018182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1644297.018182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1644297.018182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     78417636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     78417636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     78417636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     78417636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     78417636                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     78417636                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1867086.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1867086.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1867086.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1867086.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1867086.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1867086.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 4701                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              164026356                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 4957                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             33089.843857                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   221.940096                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    34.059904                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.866953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.133047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       995305                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        995305                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       836130                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       836130                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2041                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2041                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2011                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2011                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1831435                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        1831435                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1831435                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       1831435                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        15125                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        15125                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        15229                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        15229                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        15229                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        15229                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   5275461049                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5275461049                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      8560238                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8560238                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   5284021287                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   5284021287                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   5284021287                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   5284021287                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1010430                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1010430                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       836234                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       836234                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         2041                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2041                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         2011                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2011                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1846664                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1846664                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1846664                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1846664                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.014969                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014969                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008247                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008247                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008247                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008247                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 348790.813157                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 348790.813157                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 82309.980769                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82309.980769                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 346970.995272                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 346970.995272                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 346970.995272                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 346970.995272                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1058                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            1058                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        10442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        10528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        10528                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10528                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         4683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         4701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         4701                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4701                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1399765180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1399765180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1153800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1153800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1400918980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1400918980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1400918980                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1400918980                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004635                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004635                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 298903.519112                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 298903.519112                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 298004.462880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 298004.462880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 298004.462880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 298004.462880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              552.987598                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1001437588                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  559                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1791480.479428                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    26.935994                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   526.051604                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.043167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.843031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.886198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1405319                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1405319                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1405319                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1405319                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1405319                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1405319                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     78493089                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     78493089                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     78493089                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     78493089                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     78493089                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     78493089                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1405360                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1405360                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1405360                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1405360                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1405360                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1405360                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1914465.585366                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1914465.585366                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1914465.585366                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1914465.585366                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1914465.585366                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1914465.585366                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     65602033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65602033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     65602033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     65602033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     65602033                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     65602033                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2050063.531250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2050063.531250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2050063.531250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2050063.531250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2050063.531250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2050063.531250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 6031                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              221214065                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 6287                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             35185.949578                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   184.363588                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    71.636412                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.720170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.279830                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      2081284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2081284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       386948                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       386948                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          914                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          914                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          907                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          907                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      2468232                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        2468232                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      2468232                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       2468232                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        21001                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        21001                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        21038                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        21038                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        21038                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        21038                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   9160663783                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9160663783                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      3150343                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3150343                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   9163814126                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9163814126                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   9163814126                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9163814126                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      2102285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2102285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       386985                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       386985                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          914                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          914                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          907                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          907                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      2489270                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2489270                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      2489270                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2489270                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009990                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009990                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008451                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008451                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008451                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008451                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 436201.313414                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 436201.313414                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 85144.405405                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85144.405405                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 435583.901797                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 435583.901797                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 435583.901797                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 435583.901797                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          759                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             759                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        14979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        15007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        15007                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15007                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         6022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         6031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         6031                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6031                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1869039214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1869039214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1869616114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1869616114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1869616114                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1869616114                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002865                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002865                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002423                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002423                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002423                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002423                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 310368.517768                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 310368.517768                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 310001.013762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 310001.013762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 310001.013762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 310001.013762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              570.091172                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1108829254                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  576                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1925050.788194                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    27.960674                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   542.130498                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.044809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.868799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.913608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1301936                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1301936                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1301936                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1301936                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1301936                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1301936                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     71799526                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     71799526                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     71799526                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     71799526                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     71799526                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     71799526                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1301987                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1301987                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1301987                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1301987                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1301987                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1301987                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1407833.843137                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1407833.843137                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1407833.843137                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1407833.843137                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1407833.843137                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1407833.843137                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     51751003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51751003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     51751003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     51751003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     51751003                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     51751003                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1568212.212121                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1568212.212121                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1568212.212121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1568212.212121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1568212.212121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1568212.212121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 8834                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              440466906                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 9090                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             48456.205281                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   111.126883                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   144.873117                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.434089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.565911                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      3399262                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3399262                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1860421                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1860421                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          909                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          909                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          908                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          908                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      5259683                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        5259683                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      5259683                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       5259683                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        32199                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        32199                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           33                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           33                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        32232                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        32232                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        32232                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        32232                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  15885002106                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  15885002106                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     17452760                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     17452760                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  15902454866                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  15902454866                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  15902454866                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  15902454866                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      3431461                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3431461                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1860454                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1860454                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          909                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          909                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          908                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          908                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      5291915                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5291915                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      5291915                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5291915                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009383                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009383                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006091                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006091                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006091                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006091                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 493338.367838                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 493338.367838                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 528871.515152                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 528871.515152                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 493374.747642                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 493374.747642                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 493374.747642                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 493374.747642                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1543                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            1543                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        23374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        23374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        23398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        23398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        23398                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        23398                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         8825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         8834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         8834                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8834                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4231353369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4231353369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      5552418                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5552418                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4236905787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4236905787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4236905787                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4236905787                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002572                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002572                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001669                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001669                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001669                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001669                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 479473.469575                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 479473.469575                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 616935.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 616935.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 479613.514489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 479613.514489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 479613.514489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 479613.514489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              486.888213                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1077605358                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             2185812.085193                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    31.888213                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.051103                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1481344                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1481344                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1481344                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1481344                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1481344                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1481344                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    162117724                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    162117724                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    162117724                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    162117724                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    162117724                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    162117724                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1481393                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1481393                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1481393                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1481393                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1481393                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1481393                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3308524.979592                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3308524.979592                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3308524.979592                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3308524.979592                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3308524.979592                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3308524.979592                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      4049645                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       809929                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    106714826                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    106714826                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    106714826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    106714826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    106714826                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    106714826                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2808284.894737                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2808284.894737                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2808284.894737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2808284.894737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2808284.894737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2808284.894737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 4452                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              160412301                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 4708                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             34072.281436                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   221.776318                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    34.223682                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.866314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.133686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1179869                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1179869                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       876696                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       876696                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2286                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2286                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2133                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2133                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      2056565                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        2056565                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      2056565                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       2056565                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        11436                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        11436                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          128                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          128                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        11564                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        11564                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        11564                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        11564                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2634961550                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2634961550                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      9802207                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      9802207                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2644763757                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2644763757                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2644763757                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2644763757                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1191305                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1191305                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       876824                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       876824                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         2286                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2286                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         2133                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2133                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      2068129                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2068129                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      2068129                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2068129                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009600                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009600                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000146                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000146                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005592                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005592                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005592                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005592                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 230409.369535                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 230409.369535                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 76579.742188                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76579.742188                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 228706.654877                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 228706.654877                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 228706.654877                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 228706.654877                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        29109                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 14554.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1067                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            1067                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         7005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         7005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          107                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          107                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         7112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         7112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         7112                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         7112                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4452                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4452                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1117679427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1117679427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1567646                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1567646                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1119247073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1119247073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1119247073                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1119247073                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003719                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003719                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002153                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002153                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002153                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002153                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 252240.899797                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 252240.899797                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 74649.809524                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74649.809524                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 251403.205975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 251403.205975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 251403.205975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 251403.205975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              555.131568                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1001437306                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1781916.914591                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    29.080167                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   526.051400                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.046603                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.843031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.889634                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1405037                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1405037                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1405037                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1405037                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1405037                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1405037                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     76193281                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     76193281                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     76193281                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     76193281                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     76193281                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     76193281                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1405081                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1405081                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1405081                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1405081                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1405081                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1405081                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1731665.477273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1731665.477273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1731665.477273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1731665.477273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1731665.477273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1731665.477273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     70340019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     70340019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     70340019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     70340019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     70340019                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     70340019                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2009714.828571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2009714.828571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2009714.828571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2009714.828571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2009714.828571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2009714.828571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 6025                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              221213012                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 6281                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             35219.393727                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   184.565560                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    71.434440                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.720959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.279041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      2080227                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2080227                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       386948                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       386948                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          917                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          917                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          908                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          908                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      2467175                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        2467175                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      2467175                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       2467175                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        21008                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        21008                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        21045                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        21045                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        21045                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        21045                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   9130359078                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9130359078                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      3075634                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3075634                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   9133434712                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9133434712                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   9133434712                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9133434712                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      2101235                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2101235                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       386985                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       386985                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          917                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          917                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          908                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          908                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      2488220                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2488220                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      2488220                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2488220                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009998                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009998                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008458                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008458                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008458                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008458                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 434613.436691                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 434613.436691                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 83125.243243                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83125.243243                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 433995.472179                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 433995.472179                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 433995.472179                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 433995.472179                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          758                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             758                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        14992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        15020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        15020                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15020                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         6016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         6025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         6025                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6025                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1873420998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1873420998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1873997898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1873997898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1873997898                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1873997898                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002421                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002421                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002421                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002421                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 311406.415891                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 311406.415891                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 311036.995519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 311036.995519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 311036.995519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 311036.995519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              518.522476                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1080514793                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  525                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             2058123.415238                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    28.522476                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.045709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1328316                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1328316                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1328316                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1328316                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1328316                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1328316                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     68475369                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     68475369                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     68475369                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     68475369                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     68475369                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     68475369                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1328368                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1328368                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1328368                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1328368                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1328368                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1328368                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1316834.019231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1316834.019231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1316834.019231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1316834.019231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1316834.019231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1316834.019231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     43022497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     43022497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     43022497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     43022497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     43022497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     43022497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1229214.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1229214.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1229214.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1229214.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1229214.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1229214.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 7829                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              178802137                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 8085                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             22115.292146                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   228.395920                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    27.604080                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.892172                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.107828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       918711                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        918711                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       759796                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       759796                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2189                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2189                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1775                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1775                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1678507                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        1678507                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1678507                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       1678507                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        20603                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20603                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          113                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          113                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        20716                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        20716                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        20716                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        20716                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   9296242920                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9296242920                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     82905770                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     82905770                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   9379148690                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9379148690                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   9379148690                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9379148690                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       939314                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       939314                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       759909                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       759909                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         2189                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2189                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1775                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1775                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1699223                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1699223                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1699223                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1699223                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.021934                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021934                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012191                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012191                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012191                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012191                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 451208.218221                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 451208.218221                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 733679.380531                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 733679.380531                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 452749.019598                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 452749.019598                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 452749.019598                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 452749.019598                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          892                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             892                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        12792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           95                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           95                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        12887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        12887                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12887                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         7811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         7829                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7829                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         7829                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7829                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3560610050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3560610050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      9467278                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9467278                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3570077328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3570077328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3570077328                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3570077328                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008316                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008316                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 455845.608757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 455845.608757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 525959.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 525959.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 456006.811598                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 456006.811598                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 456006.811598                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 456006.811598                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              570.278446                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1108833284                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  578                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1918396.685121                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    29.015539                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   541.262907                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.046499                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.867409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.913908                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1305966                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1305966                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1305966                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1305966                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1305966                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1305966                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     86060332                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     86060332                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     86060332                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     86060332                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     86060332                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     86060332                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1306017                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1306017                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1306017                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1306017                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1306017                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1306017                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1687457.490196                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1687457.490196                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1687457.490196                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1687457.490196                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1687457.490196                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1687457.490196                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     64742215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64742215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     64742215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64742215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     64742215                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64742215                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1849777.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1849777.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1849777.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1849777.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1849777.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1849777.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 8838                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              440478809                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 9094                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             48436.200682                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   111.132946                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   144.867054                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.434113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.565887                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      3407116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3407116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1864463                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1864463                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          914                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          914                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          910                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          910                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      5271579                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        5271579                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      5271579                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       5271579                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        32056                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        32056                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           33                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           33                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        32089                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        32089                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        32089                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        32089                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  15666489845                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  15666489845                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     28851333                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     28851333                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  15695341178                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  15695341178                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  15695341178                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  15695341178                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      3439172                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3439172                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1864496                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1864496                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          914                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          914                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          910                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          910                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      5303668                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5303668                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      5303668                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5303668                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009321                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009321                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 488722.543206                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 488722.543206                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 874282.818182                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 874282.818182                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 489119.049456                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 489119.049456                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 489119.049456                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 489119.049456                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1548                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            1548                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        23227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        23227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        23251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        23251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        23251                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        23251                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         8829                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8829                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         8838                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8838                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         8838                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8838                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   4195456339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4195456339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      9365283                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9365283                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   4204821622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4204821622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   4204821622                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4204821622                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 475190.433684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 475190.433684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1040587                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1040587                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 475766.193935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 475766.193935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 475766.193935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 475766.193935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              486.895588                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1077606180                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             2185813.752535                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    31.895588                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.051115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1482166                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1482166                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1482166                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1482166                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1482166                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1482166                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    160826963                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    160826963                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    160826963                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    160826963                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    160826963                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    160826963                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1482216                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1482216                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1482216                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1482216                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1482216                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1482216                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 3216539.260000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3216539.260000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 3216539.260000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3216539.260000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 3216539.260000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3216539.260000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3433541                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 858385.250000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    104306900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    104306900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    104306900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    104306900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    104306900                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    104306900                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2744918.421053                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2744918.421053                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2744918.421053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2744918.421053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2744918.421053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2744918.421053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 4455                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              160413439                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 4711                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             34050.825515                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   221.806713                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    34.193287                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.866432                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.133568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1180518                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1180518                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       877185                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       877185                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2286                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2286                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2133                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2133                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      2057703                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        2057703                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      2057703                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       2057703                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        11446                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        11446                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          128                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          128                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        11574                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        11574                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        11574                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        11574                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2607128461                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2607128461                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      9780385                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      9780385                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2616908846                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2616908846                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2616908846                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2616908846                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1191964                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1191964                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       877313                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       877313                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         2286                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2286                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         2133                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2133                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      2069277                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2069277                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      2069277                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2069277                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009603                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009603                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000146                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000146                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005593                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005593                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005593                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005593                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 227776.381356                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 227776.381356                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 76409.257812                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76409.257812                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 226102.371350                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 226102.371350                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 226102.371350                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 226102.371350                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        28007                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 14003.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1067                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            1067                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         7012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         7012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          107                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          107                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         7119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         7119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         7119                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         7119                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4455                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4455                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1104634228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1104634228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1562054                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1562054                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1106196282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1106196282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1106196282                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1106196282                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003720                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003720                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002153                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002153                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002153                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002153                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 249128.152458                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 249128.152458                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 74383.523810                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74383.523810                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 248304.440404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 248304.440404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 248304.440404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 248304.440404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              553.082557                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1001432140                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  560                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1788271.678571                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    26.911606                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   526.170951                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.043128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.843223                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.886350                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1399871                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1399871                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1399871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1399871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1399871                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1399871                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     81792117                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     81792117                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     81792117                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     81792117                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     81792117                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     81792117                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1399915                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1399915                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1399915                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1399915                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1399915                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1399915                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1858911.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1858911.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1858911.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1858911.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1858911.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1858911.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     64158453                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64158453                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     64158453                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64158453                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     64158453                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64158453                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1944195.545455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1944195.545455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1944195.545455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1944195.545455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1944195.545455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1944195.545455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 6029                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              221203144                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 6285                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             35195.408751                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   184.323311                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    71.676689                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.720013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.279987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      2071223                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2071223                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       386093                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       386093                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          911                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          911                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          905                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          905                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      2457316                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        2457316                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      2457316                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       2457316                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        21061                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        21061                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           38                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           38                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        21099                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        21099                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        21099                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        21099                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   9452428908                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9452428908                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      3105655                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3105655                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   9455534563                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9455534563                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   9455534563                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9455534563                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      2092284                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2092284                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       386131                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       386131                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          911                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          911                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          905                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          905                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      2478415                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2478415                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      2478415                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2478415                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.010066                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010066                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000098                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000098                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008513                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008513                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008513                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008513                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 448811.970372                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 448811.970372                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 81727.763158                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81727.763158                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 448150.839518                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 448150.839518                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 448150.839518                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 448150.839518                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          757                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             757                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        15041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        15041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           29                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           29                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        15070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        15070                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15070                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         6020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         6029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         6029                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6029                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1914208017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1914208017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1914784917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1914784917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1914784917                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1914784917                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002433                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002433                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002433                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002433                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 317974.753654                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 317974.753654                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 317595.773263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 317595.773263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 317595.773263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 317595.773263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              553.719221                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1001436711                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  561                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1785092.176471                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    27.549093                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   526.170128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.044149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.843221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.887371                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1404442                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1404442                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1404442                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1404442                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1404442                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1404442                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     60705189                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     60705189                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     60705189                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     60705189                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     60705189                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     60705189                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1404488                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1404488                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1404488                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1404488                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1404488                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1404488                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1319678.021739                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1319678.021739                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1319678.021739                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1319678.021739                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1319678.021739                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1319678.021739                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     52382992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     52382992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     52382992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     52382992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     52382992                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     52382992                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1540676.235294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1540676.235294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1540676.235294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1540676.235294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1540676.235294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1540676.235294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 6032                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              221212894                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 6288                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             35180.167621                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   184.379194                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    71.620806                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.720231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.279769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      2080104                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2080104                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       386948                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       386948                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          922                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          922                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          908                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          908                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      2467052                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        2467052                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      2467052                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       2467052                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        20973                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20973                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        21010                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        21010                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        21010                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        21010                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   9181947091                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9181947091                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      3220077                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3220077                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   9185167168                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9185167168                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   9185167168                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9185167168                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      2101077                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2101077                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       386985                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       386985                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          922                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          922                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          908                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          908                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      2488062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2488062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      2488062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2488062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009982                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009982                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 437798.459496                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 437798.459496                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 87029.108108                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87029.108108                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 437180.731461                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 437180.731461                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 437180.731461                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 437180.731461                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          762                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             762                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        14950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        14978                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14978                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        14978                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14978                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         6023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         6032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         6032                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6032                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1869046405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1869046405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       586108                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       586108                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1869632513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1869632513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1869632513                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1869632513                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002867                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002867                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002424                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002424                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002424                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002424                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 310318.181139                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 310318.181139                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 65123.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65123.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 309952.339688                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 309952.339688                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 309952.339688                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 309952.339688                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              570.924918                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1108828540                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  578                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1918388.477509                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    29.660773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   541.264145                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.047533                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.867410                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.914944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1301222                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1301222                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1301222                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1301222                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1301222                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1301222                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     84554339                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     84554339                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     84554339                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     84554339                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     84554339                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     84554339                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1301273                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1301273                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1301273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1301273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1301273                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1301273                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1657928.215686                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1657928.215686                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1657928.215686                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1657928.215686                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1657928.215686                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1657928.215686                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     67073704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67073704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     67073704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67073704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     67073704                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67073704                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1916391.542857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1916391.542857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1916391.542857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1916391.542857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1916391.542857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1916391.542857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 8813                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              440467013                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 9069                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             48568.421325                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   111.135575                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   144.864425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.434123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.565877                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      3399294                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3399294                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1860494                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1860494                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          911                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          911                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          908                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          908                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      5259788                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        5259788                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      5259788                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       5259788                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        32138                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        32138                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           40                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           40                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        32178                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        32178                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        32178                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        32178                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  15849902312                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  15849902312                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     31025593                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     31025593                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  15880927905                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  15880927905                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  15880927905                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  15880927905                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      3431432                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3431432                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1860534                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1860534                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          911                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          911                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          908                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          908                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      5291966                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5291966                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      5291966                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5291966                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009366                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009366                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000021                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006081                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006081                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006081                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006081                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 493182.597299                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 493182.597299                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 775639.825000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 775639.825000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 493533.715737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 493533.715737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 493533.715737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 493533.715737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1542                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            1542                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        23334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        23334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           31                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           31                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        23365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        23365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        23365                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        23365                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         8804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         8813                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8813                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         8813                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8813                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   4236812535                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4236812535                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      6882400                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6882400                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   4243694935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4243694935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   4243694935                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4243694935                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002566                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002566                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 481237.225693                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 481237.225693                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 764711.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 764711.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 481526.714513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 481526.714513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 481526.714513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 481526.714513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              550.894772                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1001434579                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1797907.682226                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    24.723860                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   526.170912                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.039622                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.843223                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.882844                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1402310                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1402310                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1402310                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1402310                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1402310                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1402310                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     66449967                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     66449967                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     66449967                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     66449967                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     66449967                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     66449967                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1402353                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1402353                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1402353                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1402353                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1402353                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1402353                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1545348.069767                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1545348.069767                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1545348.069767                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1545348.069767                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1545348.069767                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1545348.069767                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     51470136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51470136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     51470136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     51470136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     51470136                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     51470136                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1715671.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1715671.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1715671.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1715671.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1715671.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1715671.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 6019                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              221207653                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 6275                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             35252.215618                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   184.508026                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    71.491974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.720734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.279266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      2074882                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2074882                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       386940                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       386940                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          912                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          912                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          907                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          907                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      2461822                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        2461822                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      2461822                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       2461822                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        21077                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        21077                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        21114                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        21114                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        21114                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        21114                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   9267863107                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9267863107                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      3176987                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3176987                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   9271040094                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9271040094                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   9271040094                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9271040094                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      2095959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2095959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       386977                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       386977                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          912                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          912                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          907                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          907                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      2482936                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2482936                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      2482936                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2482936                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.010056                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010056                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008504                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008504                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008504                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008504                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 439714.528016                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 439714.528016                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 85864.513514                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85864.513514                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 439094.444160                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 439094.444160                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 439094.444160                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 439094.444160                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          757                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             757                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        15067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        15067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        15095                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15095                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        15095                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15095                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         6010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         6019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         6019                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6019                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1895963931                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1895963931                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       587854                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       587854                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1896551785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1896551785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1896551785                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1896551785                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002867                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002867                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002424                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002424                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002424                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002424                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 315468.208153                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 315468.208153                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 65317.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65317.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 315094.165974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 315094.165974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 315094.165974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 315094.165974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              509.216192                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1074581962                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             2066503.773077                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    34.216192                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.054834                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.816052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1446425                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1446425                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1446425                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1446425                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1446425                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1446425                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     97792857                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     97792857                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     97792857                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     97792857                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     97792857                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     97792857                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1446479                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1446479                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1446479                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1446479                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1446479                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1446479                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1810978.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1810978.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1810978.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1810978.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1810978.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1810978.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       504284                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       252142                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     91405705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     91405705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     91405705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     91405705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     91405705                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     91405705                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2031237.888889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2031237.888889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2031237.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2031237.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2031237.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2031237.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 4691                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              164024404                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 4947                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             33156.337983                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   221.858930                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    34.141070                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.866636                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.133364                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       994590                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        994590                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       834871                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       834871                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2064                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2064                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2010                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2010                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1829461                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        1829461                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1829461                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       1829461                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        15018                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        15018                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          101                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          101                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        15119                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        15119                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        15119                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        15119                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   5143843376                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5143843376                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      8207913                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8207913                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   5152051289                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   5152051289                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   5152051289                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   5152051289                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1009608                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1009608                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       834972                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       834972                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         2064                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2064                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         2010                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2010                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1844580                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1844580                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1844580                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1844580                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.014875                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014875                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000121                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000121                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008196                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008196                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008196                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008196                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 342511.877480                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 342511.877480                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 81266.465347                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81266.465347                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 340766.670349                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 340766.670349                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 340766.670349                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 340766.670349                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1055                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            1055                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        10344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        10427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        10427                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10427                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4692                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4692                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1388219570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1388219570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1153800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1153800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1389373370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1389373370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1389373370                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1389373370                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004630                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004630                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 297008.893881                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 297008.893881                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 296115.381500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 296115.381500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 296115.381500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 296115.381500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              486.891217                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1077604153                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             2185809.640974                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    31.891217                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.051108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1480139                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1480139                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1480139                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1480139                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1480139                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1480139                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    164903061                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    164903061                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    164903061                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    164903061                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    164903061                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    164903061                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1480189                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1480189                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1480189                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1480189                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1480189                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1480189                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 3298061.220000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3298061.220000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 3298061.220000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3298061.220000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 3298061.220000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3298061.220000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3369883                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 842470.750000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    106989808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    106989808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    106989808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    106989808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    106989808                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    106989808                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2815521.263158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2815521.263158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2815521.263158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2815521.263158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2815521.263158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2815521.263158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 4451                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              160410637                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 4707                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             34079.166560                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   221.803483                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    34.196517                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.866420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.133580                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1178927                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1178927                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       875978                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       875978                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2284                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2284                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2131                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2131                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      2054905                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        2054905                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      2054905                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       2054905                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        11432                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        11432                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          128                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          128                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        11560                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        11560                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        11560                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        11560                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2655214102                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2655214102                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      9802906                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      9802906                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2665017008                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2665017008                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2665017008                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2665017008                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1190359                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1190359                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       876106                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       876106                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         2284                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2284                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         2131                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2131                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      2066465                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2066465                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      2066465                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2066465                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009604                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009604                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000146                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000146                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005594                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005594                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 232261.555458                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 232261.555458                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 76585.203125                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76585.203125                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 230537.803460                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 230537.803460                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 230537.803460                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 230537.803460                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        28127                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 14063.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1067                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            1067                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         7002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         7002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          107                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          107                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         7109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         7109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         7109                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         7109                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         4430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         4451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         4451                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4451                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1129460044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1129460044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1565526                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1565526                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1131025570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1131025570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1131025570                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1131025570                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003722                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003722                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002154                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002154                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002154                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002154                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 254957.120542                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 254957.120542                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 74548.857143                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74548.857143                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 254105.946978                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 254105.946978                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 254105.946978                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 254105.946978                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              512.798208                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1076046141                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  522                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             2061391.074713                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    31.151310                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   481.646899                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.049922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.771870                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.821792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1378314                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1378314                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1378314                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1378314                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1378314                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1378314                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     96867154                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     96867154                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     96867154                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     96867154                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     96867154                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     96867154                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1378369                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1378369                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1378369                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1378369                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1378369                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1378369                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1761220.981818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1761220.981818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1761220.981818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1761220.981818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1761220.981818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1761220.981818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     70344763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     70344763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     70344763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     70344763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     70344763                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     70344763                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1758619.075000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1758619.075000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1758619.075000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1758619.075000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1758619.075000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1758619.075000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 6095                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              170145098                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 6351                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             26790.284680                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   227.508793                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    28.491207                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.888706                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.111294                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       969322                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        969322                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       818690                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       818690                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1943                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1943                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1885                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1885                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1788012                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        1788012                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1788012                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       1788012                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        21029                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        21029                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          477                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          477                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        21506                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        21506                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        21506                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        21506                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   8640994778                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8640994778                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    265961749                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    265961749                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   8906956527                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8906956527                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   8906956527                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8906956527                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       990351                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       990351                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       819167                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       819167                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1943                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1943                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1885                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1885                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1809518                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1809518                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1809518                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1809518                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.021234                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021234                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000582                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000582                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.011885                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011885                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.011885                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011885                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 410908.496743                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 410908.496743                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 557571.800839                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 557571.800839                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 414161.467823                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 414161.467823                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 414161.467823                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 414161.467823                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      8411601                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets            12                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 700966.750000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2185                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            2185                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        14952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          459                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          459                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        15411                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15411                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        15411                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15411                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         6077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         6095                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6095                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         6095                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6095                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2003500699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2003500699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1164056                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1164056                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2004664755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2004664755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2004664755                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2004664755                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006136                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006136                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 329685.815205                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 329685.815205                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 64669.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64669.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 328903.159147                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 328903.159147                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 328903.159147                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 328903.159147                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
