
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001203                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1202860269                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               449097939909                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 424223                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   542457                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  37920                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67610292                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 31720.65                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 13456623211                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   17207086015                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        31360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        91008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        31616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        56832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        31232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        32640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        32256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        16128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        93056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        57472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        16000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        56448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        32512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        30848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        56576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        16896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               730368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           47488                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       296320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            296320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          245                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          711                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          247                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          444                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          244                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          255                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          252                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          126                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          727                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          449                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          125                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          441                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          254                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          241                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          442                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          132                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  5706                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            2315                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 2315                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      2766739                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     26071191                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      2660326                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     75659661                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1489782                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     26284017                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      2979565                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     47247383                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      2766739                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     25964778                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1489782                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     27135321                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1489782                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     26816082                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      2766739                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     13408041                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      2766739                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     77362269                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      3192391                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     47779448                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      2873152                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     13301628                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      3192391                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     46928144                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1489782                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     27028908                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1489782                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     25645539                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      3298804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     47034557                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      2766739                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     14046519                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               607192721                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      2766739                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      2660326                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1489782                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      2979565                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      2766739                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1489782                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1489782                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      2766739                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      2766739                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      3192391                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      2873152                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      3192391                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1489782                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1489782                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      3298804                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      2766739                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           39479232                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         246346153                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              246346153                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         246346153                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      2766739                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     26071191                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      2660326                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     75659661                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      1489782                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     26284017                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      2979565                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     47247383                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      2766739                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     25964778                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      1489782                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     27135321                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      1489782                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     26816082                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      2766739                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     13408041                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      2766739                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     77362269                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      3192391                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     47779448                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      2873152                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     13301628                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      3192391                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     46928144                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      1489782                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     27028908                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      1489782                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     25645539                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      3298804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     47034557                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      2766739                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     14046519                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              853538874                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                2884558                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         221621                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       196317                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        19230                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       141574                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         137798                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13626                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          636                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2304763                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1257186                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            221621                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches       151424                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              278389                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         62667                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles        37796                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          140721                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        18672                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2664265                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.532185                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.786990                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2385876     89.55%     89.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          41130      1.54%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          21545      0.81%     91.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          40468      1.52%     93.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          13624      0.51%     93.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          37516      1.41%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6           6123      0.23%     95.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          10419      0.39%     95.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         107564      4.04%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2664265                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.076830                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.435833                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        2234999                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       108388                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          277641                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles          336                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        42895                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        21890                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          422                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1412853                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1759                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        42895                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        2242818                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles         71015                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles        15491                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          271331                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        20709                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1409878                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         1180                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        18518                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      1854855                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6398438                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6398438                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1478061                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         376771                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          200                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          106                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           38084                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       248360                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores        42630                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads          239                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores         9397                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1400432                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          203                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1301799                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1264                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       267939                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       566521                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            6                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2664265                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.488615                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.105911                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2092390     78.54%     78.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       189004      7.09%     85.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       180759      6.78%     92.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       110393      4.14%     96.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        58183      2.18%     98.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        15034      0.56%     99.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17697      0.66%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          426      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          379      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2664265                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2348     57.32%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead          972     23.73%     81.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          776     18.95%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1023989     78.66%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10488      0.81%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           95      0.01%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       225227     17.30%     96.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        42000      3.23%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1301799                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.451299                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4096                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003146                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5273221                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1668594                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1266612                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1305895                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1090                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        53063                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1744                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        42895                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         36986                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2554                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1400641                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           86                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       248360                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        42630                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          105                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents          524                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           43                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11575                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8860                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        20435                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1283275                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       221629                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18522                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             263608                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         194472                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores            41979                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.444878                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1267213                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1266612                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          765405                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         1691456                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.439101                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.452513                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000004                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1129677                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       271046                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          197                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        18914                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2621370                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430949                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298822                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2199105     83.89%     83.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       166685      6.36%     90.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       106734      4.07%     94.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        33214      1.27%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        55133      2.10%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        11252      0.43%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7213      0.28%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6460      0.25%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        35574      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2621370                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000004                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1129677                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               236183                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              195297                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars                98                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           173317                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts          988113                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        14525                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        35574                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3986506                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2844380                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 51288                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                220293                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000004                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1129677                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000004                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.884546                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.884546                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.346675                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.346675                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        5954167                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1656901                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1488536                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          196                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                2884558                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         223343                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       182011                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23344                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        91494                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits          85606                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          22225                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1005                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2167770                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1321089                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            223343                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       107831                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              271008                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         73209                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles        74979                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          135060                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        23438                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2562741                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.626207                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.991534                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        2291733     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          14307      0.56%     89.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          22730      0.89%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          33952      1.32%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          14507      0.57%     92.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          17050      0.67%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          17712      0.69%     94.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          12366      0.48%     94.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         138384      5.40%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2562741                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.077427                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.457987                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        2139517                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       104009                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          268966                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         1648                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        48598                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        36302                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          387                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1600279                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1345                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        48598                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        2145068                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         48013                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles        38340                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          265242                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        17477                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1596814                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          954                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         3119                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         8817                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1689                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      2184221                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      7444460                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      7444460                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1804069                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         380147                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          357                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          192                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           49148                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       161553                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores        89372                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4585                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        18695                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1591436                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          358                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1486056                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2203                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       242638                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       561103                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           25                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2562741                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579870                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.263175                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1928390     75.25%     75.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       257836     10.06%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       142500      5.56%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        93233      3.64%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        85015      3.32%     97.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        26199      1.02%     98.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18762      0.73%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6554      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4252      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2562741                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           385     10.14%     10.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1664     43.85%     53.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1746     46.01%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1223332     82.32%     82.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        27352      1.84%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          165      0.01%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       147465      9.92%     94.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        87742      5.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1486056                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.515176                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3795                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002554                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5540851                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1834502                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1459037                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1489851                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6846                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        33536                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           14                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           72                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5608                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1147                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        48598                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         33774                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2170                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1591801                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          645                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       161553                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        89372                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          192                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1256                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           49                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           72                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12658                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14326                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        26984                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1464736                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       139746                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21320                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             227340                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         199067                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores            87594                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.507785                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1459209                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1459037                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          863004                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         2188829                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.505810                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.394277                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1081591                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      1318903                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       273907                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          333                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        23784                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2514143                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524593                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.374706                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1979324     78.73%     78.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       254719     10.13%     88.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       105902      4.21%     93.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        54116      2.15%     95.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40494      1.61%     96.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        23021      0.92%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13921      0.55%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11743      0.47%     98.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30903      1.23%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2514143                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      1081591                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      1318903                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               211781                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              128017                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               166                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           183458                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         1192087                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        25716                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        30903                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            4076037                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           3234231                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 38773                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                321817                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           1081591                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             1318903                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      1081591                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.666958                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.666958                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.374959                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.374959                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        6648607                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       1992737                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1517789                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          332                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                2884558                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         232385                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       190783                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        24688                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        96100                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits          89586                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23290                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1094                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2229813                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1326574                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            232385                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       112876                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              290720                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         70253                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles        73458                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          138961                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        24402                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2639173                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614563                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966917                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2348453     88.98%     88.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          30791      1.17%     90.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          36961      1.40%     91.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          19698      0.75%     92.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          22271      0.84%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          12904      0.49%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6           8843      0.34%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          22548      0.85%     94.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         136704      5.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2639173                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.080562                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.459888                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        2211371                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles        92533                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          288111                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         2347                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        44802                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        37329                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          380                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1616934                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         2128                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        44802                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        2215318                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         22255                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles        59998                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          286582                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        10210                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1614745                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         2301                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         4892                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents           28                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      2247939                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      7516095                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      7516095                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1891829                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         356110                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          417                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          232                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           29310                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       153603                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores        83125                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1922                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        17080                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1610771                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          418                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1513413                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1688                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       216388                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       504247                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           46                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2639173                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.573442                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.264347                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2001044     75.82%     75.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       257443      9.75%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       137618      5.21%     90.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        95508      3.62%     94.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        82921      3.14%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        42196      1.60%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        10631      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6736      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         5076      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2639173                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           411     12.25%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1435     42.76%     55.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1510     44.99%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1268364     83.81%     83.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23678      1.56%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          185      0.01%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       138758      9.17%     94.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        82428      5.45%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1513413                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.524660                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3356                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002218                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5671043                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1827610                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1487218                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1516769                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3634                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28324                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           17                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           33                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1917                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           93                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        44802                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         17186                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1427                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1611190                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            8                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       153603                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        83125                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          232                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1019                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           33                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13797                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14145                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        27942                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1489864                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130487                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        23549                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             212880                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         207810                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores            82393                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.516496                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1487306                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1487218                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          886022                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         2318593                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.515579                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.382138                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1111013                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      1362775                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       248459                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          372                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        24668                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2594371                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525281                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.342851                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2037149     78.52%     78.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       258522      9.96%     88.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       108688      4.19%     92.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        64763      2.50%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44824      1.73%     96.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        29057      1.12%     98.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        15443      0.60%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        12051      0.46%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        23874      0.92%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2594371                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      1111013                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      1362775                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               206487                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              125279                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               186                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           194846                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         1228741                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        27709                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        23874                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            4181731                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           3267276                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 36245                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                245385                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           1111013                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1362775                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      1111013                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.596331                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.596331                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.385159                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.385159                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        6720449                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       2067793                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1508834                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          372                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                2884558                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         223502                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       201166                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        13647                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        90317                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78048                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          12194                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          623                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2355412                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1402449                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            223502                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches        90242                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              276702                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         43342                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles        61435                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          137048                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        13531                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2722914                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605054                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.936020                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2446212     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1           9708      0.36%     90.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          20305      0.75%     90.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3           8386      0.31%     91.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          45134      1.66%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          40619      1.49%     94.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6           7756      0.28%     94.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          16485      0.61%     95.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         128309      4.71%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2722914                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.077482                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.486192                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        2341439                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles        75881                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          275490                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles          955                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        29140                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        19843                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          227                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1643990                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1364                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        29140                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        2344455                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         50951                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles        16719                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          273558                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles         8082                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1641651                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           10                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         3115                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         3181                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents          118                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      1935015                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      7726256                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      7726256                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1676596                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         258413                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          203                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          110                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           22072                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       384345                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       193028                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1794                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores         9622                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1635944                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          205                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1560981                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1091                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       149493                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       363035                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           16                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2722914                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.573276                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.369795                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2167112     79.59%     79.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       167392      6.15%     85.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       136379      5.01%     90.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        59080      2.17%     92.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        74761      2.75%     95.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        72008      2.64%     98.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        40780      1.50%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3389      0.12%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2013      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2722914                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3891     11.03%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        30489     86.40%     97.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          909      2.58%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       982603     62.95%     62.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        13607      0.87%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           92      0.01%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       372457     23.86%     87.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       192222     12.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1560981                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.541151                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             35289                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022607                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5881256                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1785706                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1545479                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1596270                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2797                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        19039                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           65                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2010                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          138                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        29140                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         46573                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2031                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1636155                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           48                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       384345                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       193028                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          111                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1361                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           65                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         7169                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8437                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        15606                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1548610                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       370966                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        12371                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             563148                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         202757                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           192182                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.536862                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1545605                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1545479                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          835824                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         1649676                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.535777                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.506659                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1244834                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1462933                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       173412                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          189                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        13708                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2693774                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.543079                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365172                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2162234     80.27%     80.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       194718      7.23%     87.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90997      3.38%     90.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        89836      3.33%     94.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        24278      0.90%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       104190      3.87%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7920      0.29%     99.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5677      0.21%     99.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        13924      0.52%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2693774                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      1244834                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1462933                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               556316                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              365303                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars                94                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           193279                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         1300844                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        14188                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        13924                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            4316182                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           3301848                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 53220                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                161644                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           1244834                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1462933                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      1244834                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.317223                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.317223                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.431551                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.431551                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        7647653                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1799296                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1948476                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          188                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                2884558                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         221957                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       196601                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        19209                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       141817                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         138053                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13648                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          621                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2304298                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1258499                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            221957                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       151701                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              278521                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         62715                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles        38574                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          140758                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        18673                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2664776                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.532253                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.787065                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2386255     89.55%     89.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          41176      1.55%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          21555      0.81%     91.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          40544      1.52%     93.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          13640      0.51%     93.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          37409      1.40%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6           6117      0.23%     95.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          10530      0.40%     95.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         107550      4.04%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2664776                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.076947                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.436288                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        2237234                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       106434                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          277827                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles          311                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        42964                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        21963                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          420                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1413487                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1745                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        42964                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        2244735                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         69106                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles        16097                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          271718                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        20150                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1410631                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         1188                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        17957                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      1856959                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      6400704                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      6400704                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1478941                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         378018                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          201                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          107                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           37017                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       248414                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores        42555                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads          303                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores         9398                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1401396                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          204                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1302517                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1259                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       268375                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       566288                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2664776                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.488790                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.106412                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2093002     78.54%     78.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       188560      7.08%     85.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       181013      6.79%     92.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       110207      4.14%     96.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        58304      2.19%     98.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        15214      0.57%     99.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17670      0.66%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          444      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          362      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2664776                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2391     57.70%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead          972     23.46%     81.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          781     18.85%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1024730     78.67%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10508      0.81%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           95      0.01%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       225190     17.29%     96.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        41994      3.22%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1302517                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.451548                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4144                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003182                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5275213                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1669994                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1267447                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1306661                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1113                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        53065                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1636                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        42964                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         36354                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2455                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1401606                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           74                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       248414                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        42555                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          106                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents          513                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           37                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11538                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8862                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        20400                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1284050                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       221705                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18467                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             263681                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         194557                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores            41976                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.445146                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1268034                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1267447                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          765983                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         1692108                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.439390                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.452680                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000503                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1130292                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       271380                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          197                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        18898                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2621812                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431111                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298904                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2199270     83.88%     83.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       166906      6.37%     90.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       106666      4.07%     94.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        33143      1.26%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        55320      2.11%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        11223      0.43%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7288      0.28%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6466      0.25%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        35530      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2621812                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      1000503                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1130292                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               236268                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              195349                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars                98                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           173406                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts          988666                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        14538                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        35530                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            3987941                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           2846340                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 51414                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                219782                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           1000503                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1130292                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      1000503                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.883108                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.883108                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.346848                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.346848                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        5957654                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       1658186                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1489968                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          196                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                2884558                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         232241                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       190683                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        24763                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        95923                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits          89460                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23280                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1082                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2228688                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1325637                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            232241                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       112740                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              290525                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         70515                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles        73872                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          138970                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        24466                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2638454                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614347                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966590                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        2347929     88.99%     88.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          30729      1.16%     90.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          36967      1.40%     91.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          19694      0.75%     92.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          22232      0.84%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          12921      0.49%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6           8834      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          22541      0.85%     94.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         136607      5.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2638454                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.080512                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.459563                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        2210266                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles        92927                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          287897                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         2366                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        44989                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        37288                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          380                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1615934                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         2126                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        44989                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        2214230                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         21923                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles        60735                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          286376                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        10193                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1613715                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         2295                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         4875                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents           28                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      2246443                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      7511132                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      7511132                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1888842                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         357600                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          416                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          232                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           29289                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       153571                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        82992                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1882                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        17054                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1609765                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          416                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1511975                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1685                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       217371                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       506272                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           47                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2638454                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.573053                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.264256                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2001135     75.84%     75.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       257009      9.74%     85.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       137466      5.21%     90.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        95316      3.61%     94.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        82900      3.14%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        42188      1.60%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        10615      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6744      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         5081      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2638454                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           408     12.18%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1430     42.67%     54.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1513     45.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1267257     83.81%     83.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23646      1.56%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          184      0.01%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       138593      9.17%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        82295      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1511975                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.524162                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3351                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002216                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5667440                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1827583                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1485735                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1515326                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3594                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28459                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           16                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           31                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1909                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           93                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        44989                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         16898                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1434                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1610182                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            8                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       153571                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        82992                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          232                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1026                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           31                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13798                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14211                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        28009                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1488355                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130300                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        23620                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             212560                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         207560                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            82260                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.515973                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1485822                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1485735                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          885164                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         2316608                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.515065                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.382095                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1109262                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      1360705                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       249520                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          369                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        24743                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2593465                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524667                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.342376                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2037184     78.55%     78.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       258111      9.95%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       108426      4.18%     92.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        64658      2.49%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44740      1.73%     96.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        29012      1.12%     98.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        15439      0.60%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        12046      0.46%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        23849      0.92%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2593465                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      1109262                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      1360705                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               206194                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              125112                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               184                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           194582                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         1226866                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        27677                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        23849                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            4179841                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           3265445                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 36276                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                246104                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           1109262                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             1360705                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      1109262                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.600430                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.600430                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.384552                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.384552                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        6713573                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       2065739                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1507630                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          370                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                2884558                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         232250                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       190689                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        24764                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        95927                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits          89464                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23281                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1083                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2228804                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1325680                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            232250                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       112745                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              290535                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         70519                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles        73480                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          138978                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        24468                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      2638191                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614426                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966701                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        2347656     88.99%     88.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          30730      1.16%     90.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          36968      1.40%     91.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          19696      0.75%     92.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          22233      0.84%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          12922      0.49%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6           8835      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          22541      0.85%     94.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         136610      5.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      2638191                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.080515                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.459578                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        2210370                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles        92548                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          287907                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         2365                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        44992                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        37291                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          380                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1615983                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         2126                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        44992                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        2214338                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         22295                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles        59975                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          286383                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        10200                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1613755                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         2290                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         4885                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents           28                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      2246473                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      7511299                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      7511299                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1888890                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         357583                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          416                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          232                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           29316                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       153582                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores        82999                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1883                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        17054                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1609822                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          417                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1512035                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1685                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       217472                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       506261                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           47                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2638191                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.573133                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.264311                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2000830     75.84%     75.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       257034      9.74%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       137479      5.21%     90.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        95324      3.61%     94.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        82896      3.14%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        42188      1.60%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        10614      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6745      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         5081      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2638191                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           408     12.19%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1430     42.71%     54.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1510     45.10%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1267298     83.81%     83.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23647      1.56%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          184      0.01%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       138604      9.17%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        82302      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1512035                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.524183                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3348                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002214                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5667294                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1827743                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1485794                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1515383                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3607                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28462                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           16                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           32                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1909                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           93                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        44992                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         17259                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1433                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1610240                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            8                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       153582                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        82999                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          232                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1028                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           32                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13799                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14211                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        28010                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1488414                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130311                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        23621                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             212578                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         207571                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores            82267                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.515994                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1485881                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1485794                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          885196                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         2316662                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.515086                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.382100                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1109304                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      1360752                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       249532                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          370                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        24744                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2593199                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524739                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.342483                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2036918     78.55%     78.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       258107      9.95%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       108418      4.18%     92.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        64662      2.49%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44740      1.73%     96.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        29012      1.12%     98.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        15443      0.60%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        12047      0.46%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        23852      0.92%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2593199                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      1109304                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      1360752                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               206210                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              125120                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               185                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           194591                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         1226905                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        27678                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        23852                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            4179631                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           3265565                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 36281                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                246367                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           1109304                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             1360752                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      1109304                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.600331                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.600331                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.384566                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.384566                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        6713849                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       2065798                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1507691                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          370                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                2884550                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         260140                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       216660                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        25416                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       102489                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits          93040                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          27654                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1192                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2262073                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1428709                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            260140                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       120694                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              296824                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         71540                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles        74509                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          142023                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        24200                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2679294                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.655917                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.034153                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        2382470     88.92%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          17926      0.67%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          22673      0.85%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          36283      1.35%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          14900      0.56%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          19561      0.73%     93.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          22674      0.85%     93.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          10632      0.40%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         152175      5.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2679294                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.090184                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.495297                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        2248733                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles        89419                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          295289                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles          175                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        45672                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        39344                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          217                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1745457                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1276                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        45672                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        2251548                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles          7428                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles        75287                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          292619                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles         6735                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1733681                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents          937                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         4608                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      2422243                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      8058660                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      8058660                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1993881                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         428362                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          415                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          216                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           24634                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       163965                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores        84005                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads          968                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        19005                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1690859                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          417                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1610420                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1993                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       226260                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       477961                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           16                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2679294                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.601061                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.323016                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1997665     74.56%     74.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       310301     11.58%     86.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       126956      4.74%     90.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        72050      2.69%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        95777      3.57%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        30396      1.13%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        29309      1.09%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        15605      0.58%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1235      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2679294                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         11199     78.77%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1570     11.04%     89.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1449     10.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1356833     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21782      1.35%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          198      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       148072      9.19%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        83535      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1610420                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.558292                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             14218                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008829                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5916345                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1917556                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1566795                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1624638                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1261                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        34425                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1732                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        45672                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles          5616                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles          723                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1691277                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1350                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       163965                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        84005                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          217                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents          627                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        14471                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14584                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        29055                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1581512                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       145331                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        28908                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             228830                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         223064                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores            83499                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.548270                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1566835                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1566795                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          938485                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         2522285                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.543168                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.372077                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1159756                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1428890                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       262406                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          401                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        25422                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2633622                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.542557                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.361807                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2028239     77.01%     77.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       307169     11.66%     88.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       111444      4.23%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        55179      2.10%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        50747      1.93%     96.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21360      0.81%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        21164      0.80%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10036      0.38%     98.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28284      1.07%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2633622                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      1159756                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1428890                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               211813                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              129540                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               200                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           207062                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         1286487                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        29481                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        28284                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            4296621                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           3428271                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 36320                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                205256                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           1159756                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1428890                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      1159756                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.487204                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.487204                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.402058                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.402058                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        7113292                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       2191478                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1612547                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          400                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                2884558                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         223440                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       182172                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23368                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        91278                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits          85394                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          22216                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1011                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2165297                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1320153                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            223440                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       107610                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              270919                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         73117                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles        76719                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          134954                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        23447                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2561816                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.625971                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.991400                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        2290897     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          14345      0.56%     89.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          22944      0.90%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          34011      1.33%     92.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          14367      0.56%     92.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          16975      0.66%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          17498      0.68%     94.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          12207      0.48%     94.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         138572      5.41%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2561816                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.077461                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.457662                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        2137038                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       105749                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          268947                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         1587                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        48492                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        36264                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          391                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1599146                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1369                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        48492                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        2142581                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         51570                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles        37069                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          265149                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        16952                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1595742                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          945                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         3264                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         8559                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1269                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      2183271                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      7438135                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      7438135                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1802513                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         380758                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          352                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          188                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           48683                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       161266                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores        89054                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4604                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        18810                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1590294                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          354                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1484189                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2221                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       242676                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       563893                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           21                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2561816                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579350                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.262530                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1928432     75.28%     75.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       257030     10.03%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       142509      5.56%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        93277      3.64%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        84998      3.32%     97.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        26071      1.02%     98.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18775      0.73%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6479      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4245      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2561816                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           390     10.45%     10.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1619     43.38%     53.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1723     46.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1222098     82.34%     82.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        27320      1.84%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          164      0.01%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       147114      9.91%     94.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        87493      5.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1484189                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.514529                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3732                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002515                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5536147                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1833394                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1457177                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1487921                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7031                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        33364                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           14                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           72                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5391                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1139                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        48492                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         37201                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2135                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1590654                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          647                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       161266                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        89054                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          188                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1252                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           37                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           72                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12630                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14443                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        27073                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1462878                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       139427                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21311                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             226777                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         198901                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores            87350                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.507141                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1457320                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1457177                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          861726                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         2185580                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.505165                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.394278                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1080642                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1317714                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       274015                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          333                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        23793                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2513324                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524291                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.374674                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1978980     78.74%     78.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       254663     10.13%     88.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       105690      4.21%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        54153      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40202      1.60%     96.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22956      0.91%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        14075      0.56%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11666      0.46%     98.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30939      1.23%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2513324                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      1080642                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1317714                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               211565                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              127902                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               166                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           183285                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         1191020                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        25692                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        30939                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            4074101                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           3231961                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 38736                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                322742                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           1080642                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1317714                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      1080642                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.669300                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.669300                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.374630                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.374630                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        6638988                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       1990668                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1516297                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          332                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                2884558                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         223049                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       200831                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        13608                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       101793                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78103                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          12220                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          635                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2356516                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1399693                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            223049                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches        90323                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              276192                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         42890                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles        60884                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          136989                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        13458                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2722549                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.603871                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933708                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        2446357     89.86%     89.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1           9592      0.35%     90.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          20170      0.74%     90.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3           8477      0.31%     91.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          45079      1.66%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          40735      1.50%     94.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6           7941      0.29%     94.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          16515      0.61%     95.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         127683      4.69%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2722549                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.077325                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.485237                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        2342540                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles        75333                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          275000                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles          935                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        28732                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        19728                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          225                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1640560                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1372                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        28732                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        2345537                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         51274                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles        15942                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          273083                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles         7972                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1638306                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents            9                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         3097                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         3108                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents          128                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      1930825                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      7711200                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      7711200                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1676627                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         254180                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          213                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          121                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           21846                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       384180                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       193016                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1819                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores         9289                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1632750                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          216                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1559516                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1131                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       146409                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       354702                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           26                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2722549                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.572815                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.369068                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2166980     79.59%     79.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       167319      6.15%     85.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       136695      5.02%     90.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        59131      2.17%     92.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        74289      2.73%     95.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        71867      2.64%     98.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        40951      1.50%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3319      0.12%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1998      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2722549                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3901     11.04%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        30518     86.38%     97.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          909      2.57%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       981081     62.91%     62.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        13558      0.87%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           92      0.01%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       372533     23.89%     87.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       192252     12.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1559516                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.540643                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             35328                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022653                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5878038                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1779435                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1544037                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1594844                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2792                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        18856                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           16                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           61                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1992                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          137                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        28732                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         46900                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2070                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1632971                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           53                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       384180                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       193016                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          121                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1403                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           10                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           61                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         7295                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8265                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        15560                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1547176                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       371001                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        12338                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             563199                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         202619                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           192198                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.536365                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1544176                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1544037                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          834967                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         1647748                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.535277                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.506732                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1244862                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      1462964                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       170147                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          190                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        13665                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2693817                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.543082                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.364962                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2162375     80.27%     80.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       194367      7.22%     87.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91285      3.39%     90.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        89651      3.33%     94.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        24415      0.91%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       104345      3.87%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7838      0.29%     99.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5667      0.21%     99.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        13874      0.52%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2693817                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      1244862                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      1462964                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               556334                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              365315                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars                94                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           193283                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         1300871                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        14188                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        13874                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            4313041                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           3294991                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 53211                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                162009                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           1244862                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             1462964                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      1244862                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.317171                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.317171                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.431561                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.431561                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        7641790                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1797246                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1945778                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          190                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                2884558                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         259910                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       216658                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        25487                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       103312                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits          93313                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          27667                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1189                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2261945                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1427648                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            259910                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       120980                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              296880                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         71543                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles        75481                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          142065                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        24268                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2680129                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.655105                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.032419                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        2383249     88.92%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          17879      0.67%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          23028      0.86%     90.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          36285      1.35%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          14939      0.56%     92.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          19619      0.73%     93.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          22720      0.85%     93.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          10475      0.39%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         151935      5.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2680129                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.090104                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.494928                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        2248527                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles        90477                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          295332                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles          181                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        45606                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        39115                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          218                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1743768                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1285                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        45606                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        2251354                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles          7587                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles        76104                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          292647                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles         6826                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1732025                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents          951                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         4670                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      2420834                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      8053016                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      8053016                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1994202                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         426627                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          413                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          214                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           24991                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       163596                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores        83731                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads          973                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        18788                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1688971                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          415                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1609642                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1816                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       225044                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       472436                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           14                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2680129                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.600584                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.322663                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1998711     74.58%     74.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       310416     11.58%     86.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       126766      4.73%     90.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        71923      2.68%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        96088      3.59%     97.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        29894      1.12%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        29445      1.10%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        15655      0.58%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1231      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2680129                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         11190     79.10%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1507     10.65%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1449     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1356491     84.27%     84.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21788      1.35%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          198      0.01%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       147906      9.19%     94.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        83259      5.17%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1609642                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.558020                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             14146                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008788                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5915375                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1914450                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1565889                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1623788                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1275                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        34036                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1450                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        45606                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles          5771                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles          713                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1689387                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1367                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       163596                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        83731                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          215                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents          620                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        14559                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14500                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        29059                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1580408                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       145146                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        29234                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             228374                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         222795                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores            83228                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.547886                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1565923                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1565889                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          939216                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         2524986                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.542852                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.371969                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1159940                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      1429108                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       260294                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          401                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        25490                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2634523                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.542454                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.361635                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2029004     77.02%     77.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       307277     11.66%     88.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       111412      4.23%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        55257      2.10%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        50677      1.92%     96.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21430      0.81%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        21183      0.80%     98.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9984      0.38%     98.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28299      1.07%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2634523                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      1159940                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      1429108                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               211838                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              129557                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               200                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           207100                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         1286674                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        29483                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        28299                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            4295613                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           3424421                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 36382                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                204429                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           1159940                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             1429108                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      1159940                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.486817                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.486817                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.402121                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.402121                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        7109620                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       2191182                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1611221                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          400                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                2884558                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         223745                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       201469                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        13661                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        87593                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78145                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          12235                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          636                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2358364                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1404203                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            223745                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches        90380                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              277086                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         43495                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles        59431                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          137204                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        13531                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2724385                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605601                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.936748                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        2447299     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1           9712      0.36%     90.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          20233      0.74%     90.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3           8461      0.31%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          45229      1.66%     92.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          40740      1.50%     94.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6           7749      0.28%     94.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          16478      0.60%     95.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         128484      4.72%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2724385                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.077566                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.486800                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        2343829                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles        74448                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          275848                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles          970                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        29281                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        19790                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          223                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1646363                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1348                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        29281                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        2346959                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         50416                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles        15714                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          273828                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles         8178                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1643933                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           10                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         3178                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         3131                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents           80                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      1936969                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      7738256                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      7738256                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1677915                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         259048                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          218                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          125                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           23006                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       385220                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       193355                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1805                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores         9442                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1638047                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          221                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1561923                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1139                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       150647                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       368875                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           31                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2724385                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.573312                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.370107                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2168375     79.59%     79.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       167570      6.15%     85.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       136229      5.00%     90.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        59119      2.17%     92.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        74631      2.74%     95.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        72096      2.65%     98.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        41019      1.51%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3348      0.12%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1998      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2724385                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3946     11.14%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        30553     86.29%     97.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          910      2.57%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       982650     62.91%     62.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        13600      0.87%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           92      0.01%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       373047     23.88%     87.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       192534     12.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1561923                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.541477                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             35409                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022670                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5884779                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1788977                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1546428                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1597332                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2812                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        19343                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           63                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2051                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          138                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        29281                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         45851                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2068                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1638273                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           73                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       385220                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       193355                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          126                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1397                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            6                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           63                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         7255                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8396                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        15651                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1549553                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       371528                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        12370                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             564015                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         202869                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           192487                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.537189                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1546557                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1546428                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          836165                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         1651396                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.536106                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.506338                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1246093                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      1464363                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       174111                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          190                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        13722                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2695104                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.543342                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365475                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2163257     80.27%     80.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       194589      7.22%     87.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91176      3.38%     90.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        89763      3.33%     94.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        24416      0.91%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       104444      3.88%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7890      0.29%     99.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5643      0.21%     99.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        13926      0.52%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2695104                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      1246093                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      1464363                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               557173                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              365874                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars                94                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           193451                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         1302102                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        14188                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        13926                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            4319639                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           3306250                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 53432                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                160173                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           1246093                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             1464363                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      1246093                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.314882                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.314882                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.431988                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.431988                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        7653638                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       1799527                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1951113                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          190                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                2884558                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         232304                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       190733                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        24767                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        95953                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits          89479                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23285                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1085                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2229234                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1326019                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            232304                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       112764                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              290590                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         70512                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles        74556                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          139004                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        24470                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2639744                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614206                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966399                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        2349154     88.99%     88.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          30732      1.16%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          36968      1.40%     91.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          19696      0.75%     92.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          22243      0.84%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          12924      0.49%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6           8837      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          22543      0.85%     94.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         136647      5.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2639744                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.080534                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.459696                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        2210778                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles        93645                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          287961                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         2368                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        44983                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        37299                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          381                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1616356                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         2134                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        44983                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        2214745                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         21804                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles        61566                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          286441                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        10197                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1614148                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         2286                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         4887                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents           28                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      2247231                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      7513094                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      7513094                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1889660                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         357533                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          417                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          233                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           29294                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       153572                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        82986                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1901                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        17079                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1610180                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          419                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1512410                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1677                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       217373                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       506152                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           47                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2639744                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.572938                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.264136                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2002223     75.85%     75.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       257099      9.74%     85.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       137516      5.21%     90.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        95341      3.61%     94.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        82928      3.14%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        42184      1.60%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        10630      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6740      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         5083      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2639744                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           406     12.11%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1437     42.86%     54.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1510     45.03%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1267697     83.82%     83.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23633      1.56%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          184      0.01%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       138597      9.16%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        82299      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1512410                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.524313                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3353                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002217                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5669594                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1828002                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1486174                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1515763                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3602                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28435                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           16                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           30                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1888                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           93                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        44983                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         16765                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1435                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1610600                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           10                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       153572                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        82986                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          233                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1026                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           30                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13801                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14213                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        28014                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1488786                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130304                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        23624                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             212565                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         207610                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            82261                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.516123                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1486259                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1486174                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          885475                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         2317374                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.515217                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.382103                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1109735                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1361210                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       249433                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          372                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        24747                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2594761                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524599                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.342317                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2038257     78.55%     78.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       258260      9.95%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       108426      4.18%     92.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        64679      2.49%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44765      1.73%     96.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        29016      1.12%     98.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        15442      0.60%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        12059      0.46%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        23857      0.92%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2594761                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      1109735                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1361210                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               206235                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              125137                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               186                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           194630                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         1227331                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        27681                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        23857                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            4181547                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           3266284                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 36283                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                244814                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           1109735                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1361210                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      1109735                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.599321                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.599321                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.384716                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.384716                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        6715511                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       2066492                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1508025                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          372                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                2884558                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         232525                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       190788                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        24707                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        96196                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits          89561                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23431                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1111                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2232732                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1326944                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            232525                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       112992                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              290931                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         70286                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles        72465                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          139115                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        24394                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2641319                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614359                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966614                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        2350388     88.99%     88.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          30930      1.17%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          36898      1.40%     91.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          19701      0.75%     92.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          22339      0.85%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          13034      0.49%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6           8750      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          22370      0.85%     94.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         136909      5.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2641319                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.080610                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.460016                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        2213999                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles        91845                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          288350                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         2306                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        44810                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        37455                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          381                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1617596                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         2142                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        44810                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        2217957                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         19884                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles        61667                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          286782                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        10211                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1615408                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         2214                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         4976                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents           74                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      2248882                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      7519449                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      7519449                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1892823                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         356053                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          420                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          235                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           29346                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       153892                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores        83286                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2020                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        17053                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1611273                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          421                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1514480                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1660                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       216171                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       502436                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           49                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2641319                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.573380                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.264326                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2002847     75.83%     75.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       257315      9.74%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       138098      5.23%     90.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        95323      3.61%     94.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        83017      3.14%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        42291      1.60%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        10611      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6725      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         5092      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2641319                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           398     11.95%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1428     42.88%     54.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1504     45.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1268990     83.79%     83.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23729      1.57%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          185      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       139092      9.18%     94.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        82484      5.45%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1514480                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.525030                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3330                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002199                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5675269                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1827896                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1488140                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1517810                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3783                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28551                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           31                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2047                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           93                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        44810                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         14990                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1425                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1611695                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            8                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       153892                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        83286                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          235                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1037                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           31                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13755                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14147                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        27902                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1490766                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130673                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        23714                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             213115                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         207977                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores            82442                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.516809                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1488226                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1488140                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          886165                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         2318732                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.515899                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.382177                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1111575                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1363458                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       248280                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          372                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        24693                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2596509                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525112                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.343239                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2039217     78.54%     78.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       258626      9.96%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       108586      4.18%     92.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        64692      2.49%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44854      1.73%     96.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        29081      1.12%     98.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        15430      0.59%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        12001      0.46%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24022      0.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2596509                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      1111575                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1363458                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               206576                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              125337                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               186                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           194952                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         1229343                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        27719                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        24022                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            4184225                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           3268297                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 36293                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                243239                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           1111575                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1363458                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      1111575                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.595019                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.595019                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.385354                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.385354                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        6724925                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       2069293                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1509437                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          372                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                2884558                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         223737                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       201508                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        13670                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        88562                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78180                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          12170                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          621                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2360069                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1404251                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            223737                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches        90350                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              276918                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         43401                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles        58257                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          137288                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        13545                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2724644                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605300                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.936156                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        2447726     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1           9561      0.35%     90.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          20272      0.74%     90.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3           8414      0.31%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          45273      1.66%     92.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          40693      1.49%     94.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6           7858      0.29%     94.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          16601      0.61%     95.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         128246      4.71%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2724644                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.077564                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.486817                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        2345855                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles        72929                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          275755                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles          923                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        29173                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        19751                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          227                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1645840                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1372                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        29173                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        2348923                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         48678                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles        16014                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          273775                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles         8072                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1643684                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents            9                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         3004                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         3170                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents          103                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      1937571                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      7735989                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      7735989                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1678212                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         259347                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          202                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          110                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           22185                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       384851                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       193342                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1748                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores         9583                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1637984                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          204                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1562636                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1058                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       149527                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       364152                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2724644                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.573519                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.370155                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2168298     79.58%     79.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       167728      6.16%     85.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       136281      5.00%     90.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        59090      2.17%     92.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        74778      2.74%     95.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        72146      2.65%     98.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        41029      1.51%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3292      0.12%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2002      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2724644                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3912     11.06%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        30556     86.37%     97.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          912      2.58%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       983412     62.93%     62.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        13606      0.87%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           92      0.01%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       372949     23.87%     87.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       192577     12.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1562636                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.541725                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             35380                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022641                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5886354                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1787776                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1547156                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1598016                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2788                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        18838                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           62                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1974                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          138                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        29173                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         44389                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2046                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1638194                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           59                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       384851                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       193342                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          110                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1398                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            6                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           62                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         7246                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8434                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        15680                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1550159                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       371444                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        12477                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             563975                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         202986                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           192531                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.537399                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1547287                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1547156                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          836563                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         1651426                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.536358                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.506570                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1246383                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      1464692                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       173686                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          189                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        13730                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2695471                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.543390                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365536                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2163286     80.26%     80.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       194925      7.23%     87.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91227      3.38%     90.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        89842      3.33%     94.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        24298      0.90%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       104372      3.87%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7892      0.29%     99.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5649      0.21%     99.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        13980      0.52%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2695471                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      1246383                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      1464692                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               557374                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              366006                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars                94                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           193489                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         1302393                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        14188                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        13980                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            4319856                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           3305956                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 53383                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                159914                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           1246383                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             1464692                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      1246383                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.314343                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.314343                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.432088                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.432088                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        7656080                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1801043                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1951241                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          188                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                2884558                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         260108                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       216636                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        25409                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       102474                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits          93030                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          27652                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1192                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2261798                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1428503                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            260108                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       120682                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              296787                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         71514                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles        73801                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          142000                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        24192                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      2678256                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.656083                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.034377                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        2381469     88.92%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          17924      0.67%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          22671      0.85%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          36280      1.35%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          14898      0.56%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          19559      0.73%     93.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          22673      0.85%     93.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          10629      0.40%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         152153      5.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      2678256                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.090173                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.495224                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        2248467                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles        88703                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          295249                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles          175                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        45656                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        39337                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          215                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1745216                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1269                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        45656                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        2251281                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles          7362                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles        74638                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          292581                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles         6733                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1733432                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents          939                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         4609                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      2421931                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      8057480                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      8057480                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1993631                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         428275                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          415                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          216                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           24618                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       163937                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores        83979                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads          968                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        19001                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1690623                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          417                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1610198                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1991                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       226189                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       477854                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           16                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2678256                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.601211                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.323150                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1996720     74.55%     74.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       310257     11.58%     86.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       126944      4.74%     90.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        72044      2.69%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        95754      3.58%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        30393      1.13%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        29304      1.09%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        15604      0.58%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1236      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2678256                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         11198     78.76%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1570     11.04%     89.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1449     10.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1356657     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21778      1.35%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          198      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       148050      9.19%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        83515      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1610198                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.558213                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             14217                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008829                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5914859                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1917249                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1566574                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1624415                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1258                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        34414                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1720                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        45656                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles          5600                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles          723                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1691041                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1350                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       163937                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        83979                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          217                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents          626                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        14470                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14579                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        29049                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1581296                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       145310                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        28901                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             228791                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         223034                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores            83481                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.548194                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1566614                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1566574                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          938357                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         2521979                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.543090                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.372072                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1159611                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      1428705                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       262341                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          401                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        25416                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2632600                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.542697                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.361949                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2027285     77.01%     77.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       307143     11.67%     88.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       111430      4.23%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        55171      2.10%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        50737      1.93%     96.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21357      0.81%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        21163      0.80%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10034      0.38%     98.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28280      1.07%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2632600                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      1159611                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      1428705                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               211779                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              129520                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               200                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           207037                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         1286319                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        29477                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        28280                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            4295353                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           3427769                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 36309                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                206302                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           1159611                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             1428705                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      1159611                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.487522                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.487522                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.402006                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.402006                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        7112293                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       2191199                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1612300                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          400                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                           5717                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32746.075391                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                           988125                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          38467                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          25.687602                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          1244.351821                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    15.492824                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   129.679172                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    23.997763                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   310.485444                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    13.814718                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   131.715868                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    26.778486                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   222.758753                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    15.792710                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   128.319788                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    13.815105                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   138.245224                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    13.816143                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   133.517572                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    18.168429                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data    64.424435                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    24.899245                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   325.844572                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    28.758232                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   226.314099                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    18.661327                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data    65.806994                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    28.682067                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   220.468858                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    13.817065                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   134.872985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    13.817719                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   128.101696                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    28.956753                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   220.641697                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    18.173188                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data    66.380873                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data          1852.045316                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          2730.656678                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          1632.344727                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          1994.149097                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data          1844.495268                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data          1620.435721                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          1622.920732                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          1057.926581                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          2753.430678                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          1966.354974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          1070.414752                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          2021.780154                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data          1635.496783                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          1675.360012                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          2015.603837                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          1043.288453                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.037975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000473                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.003957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.009475                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.004020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000817                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.006798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.003916                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.004219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.004075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.001966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.009944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000878                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.006907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.002008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000875                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.006728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.004116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.003909                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.006733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.002026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.056520                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.083333                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.049815                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.060857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.056290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.049452                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.049528                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.032285                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.084028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.060008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.032666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.061700                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.049911                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.051128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.061511                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.031839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999331                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          391                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          570                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          367                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          507                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          395                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          358                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          361                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          318                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          579                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          501                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          320                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          511                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          359                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          369                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          513                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          312                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    6745                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             3232                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  3232                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    29                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          394                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          573                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          367                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          509                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          397                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          361                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          321                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          581                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          504                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          323                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          514                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          515                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          315                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     6774                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          394                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          573                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          367                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          509                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          397                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          358                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          361                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          321                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          581                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          504                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          323                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          514                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          359                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          369                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          515                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          315                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    6774                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          245                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          626                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          246                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          443                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          243                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          254                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          251                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          126                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          647                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          449                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          125                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          441                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          240                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          441                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          132                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  5533                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           85                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           80                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 173                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          245                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          711                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          247                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          444                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          244                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          255                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          252                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          126                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          727                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          449                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          125                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          441                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          254                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          241                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          442                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   5706                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          245                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          711                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          247                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          444                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          244                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          255                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          252                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          126                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          727                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          449                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          125                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          441                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          254                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          241                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          442                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          132                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  5706                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4050808                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     37264229                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3766029                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     93939775                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2196830                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     37642069                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4436299                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     67994540                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4053152                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     36893994                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2123943                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     38461546                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2104119                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     38222406                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3957706                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     18986936                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3879779                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     98156127                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4968634                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     69009336                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4201613                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     18672134                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4945044                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     67494257                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2172028                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     38295414                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2021324                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     36366127                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5003667                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     67440728                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3935158                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     19857223                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       842512974                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     12749444                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       135868                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       134800                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       170189                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       169699                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       140574                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     12115623                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       130731                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       138025                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       195800                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      26080753                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4050808                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     37264229                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3766029                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    106689219                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2196830                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     37777937                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4436299                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     68129340                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4053152                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     37064183                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2123943                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     38631245                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2104119                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     38362980                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3957706                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     18986936                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3879779                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    110271750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4968634                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     69009336                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4201613                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     18672134                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4945044                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     67494257                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2172028                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     38426145                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2021324                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     36504152                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5003667                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     67636528                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3935158                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     19857223                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        868593727                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4050808                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     37264229                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3766029                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    106689219                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2196830                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     37777937                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4436299                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     68129340                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4053152                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     37064183                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2123943                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     38631245                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2104119                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     38362980                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3957706                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     18986936                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3879779                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    110271750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4968634                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     69009336                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4201613                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     18672134                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4945044                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     67494257                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2172028                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     38426145                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2021324                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     36504152                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5003667                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     67636528                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3935158                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     19857223                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       868593727                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          636                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1196                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          950                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          638                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          612                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          612                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          444                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1226                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          950                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          445                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          952                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          612                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          609                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          954                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          444                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               12278                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         3232                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              3232                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           88                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           82                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               202                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1284                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          614                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          953                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          447                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1308                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          953                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          448                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          955                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          610                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          957                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          447                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                12480                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1284                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          614                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          953                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          447                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1308                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          953                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          955                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          610                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           32                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          957                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          447                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               12480                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.385220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.523411                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.401305                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.466316                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.380878                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.415033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.410131                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.283784                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.527732                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.472632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.280899                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.463235                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.413399                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.394089                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.462264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.297297                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.450643                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.965909                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.856436                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.383412                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.553738                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.402280                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.465897                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.380655                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.415987                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.411093                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.281879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.555810                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.471144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.279018                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.461780                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.414356                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.395082                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.461860                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.295302                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.457212                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.383412                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.553738                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.402280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.465897                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.380655                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.415987                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.411093                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.281879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.555810                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.471144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.279018                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.461780                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.414356                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.395082                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.461860                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.295302                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.457212                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 155800.307692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 152098.893878                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 150641.160000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150063.538339                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 156916.428571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 153016.540650                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 158439.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 153486.546275                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 155890.461538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151827.135802                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 151710.214286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151423.409449                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 150294.214286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 152280.501992                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 152219.461538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 150689.968254                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 149222.269231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151709.624420                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 165621.133333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 153695.625835                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 155615.296296                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 149377.072000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 164834.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 153048.201814                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 155144.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151365.272727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 144380.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151525.529167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 161408.612903                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 152926.820862                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 151352.230769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150433.507576                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 152270.553768                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 149993.458824                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       135868                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       134800                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       170189                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       169699                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       140574                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151445.287500                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       130731                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       138025                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       195800                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 150755.797688                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 155800.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 152098.893878                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 150641.160000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150055.160338                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 156916.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 152947.113360                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 158439.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 153444.459459                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 155890.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151902.389344                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 151710.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151495.078431                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 150294.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 152234.047619                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 152219.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 150689.968254                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 149222.269231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151680.536451                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 165621.133333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 153695.625835                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 155615.296296                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 149377.072000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 164834.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 153048.201814                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 155144.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151284.035433                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 144380.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151469.510373                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 161408.612903                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 153023.819005                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 151352.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150433.507576                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 152224.627936                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 155800.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 152098.893878                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 150641.160000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150055.160338                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 156916.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 152947.113360                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 158439.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 153444.459459                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 155890.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151902.389344                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 151710.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151495.078431                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 150294.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 152234.047619                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 152219.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 150689.968254                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 149222.269231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151680.536451                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 165621.133333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 153695.625835                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 155615.296296                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 149377.072000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 164834.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 153048.201814                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 155144.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151284.035433                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 144380.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151469.510373                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 161408.612903                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 153023.819005                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 151352.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150433.507576                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 152224.627936                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 2315                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      2315                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          245                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             5533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           85                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           80                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            173                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          244                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          442                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              5706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          245                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          711                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          247                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          444                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          244                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          255                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          252                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          126                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          727                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          449                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          125                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          441                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          254                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          241                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          442                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             5706                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2538656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     23001808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2315975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     57501450                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1382850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     23332499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2809991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     42243811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2541025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     22745383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1310724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     23675473                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1290762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     23622784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2446149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     11659770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2368082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     60489919                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3224375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     42900847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2635766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     11401131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3202196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     41849840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1359792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     23580523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1204890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     22399762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3201299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     41792833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2426914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     12175360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    520632639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      7793040                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data        78020                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data        76692                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       112214                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       110963                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data        82607                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      7460900                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data        72681                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data        79570                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       138000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16004687                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2538656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     23001808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2315975                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     65294490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1382850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     23410519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2809991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     42320503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2541025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     22857597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1310724                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     23786436                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1290762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     23705391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2446149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     11659770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2368082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     67950819                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3224375                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     42900847                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2635766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     11401131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3202196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     41849840                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1359792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     23653204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1204890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     22479332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3201299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     41930833                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2426914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     12175360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    536637326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2538656                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     23001808                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2315975                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     65294490                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1382850                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     23410519                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2809991                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     42320503                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2541025                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     22857597                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1310724                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     23786436                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1290762                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     23705391                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2446149                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     11659770                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2368082                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     67950819                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3224375                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     42900847                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2635766                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     11401131                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3202196                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     41849840                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1359792                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     23653204                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1204890                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     22479332                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3201299                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     41930833                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2426914                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     12175360                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    536637326                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.385220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.523411                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.401305                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.466316                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.380878                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.415033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.410131                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.283784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.527732                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.472632                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.280899                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.463235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.413399                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.394089                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.462264                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.297297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.450643                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.965909                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.856436                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.383412                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.553738                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.402280                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.465897                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.380655                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.415987                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.411093                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.281879                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.555810                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.471144                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.279018                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.461780                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.414356                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.395082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.461860                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.295302                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.457212                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.383412                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.553738                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.402280                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.465897                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.380655                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.415987                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.411093                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.281879                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.555810                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.471144                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.279018                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.461780                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.414356                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.395082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.461860                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.295302                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.457212                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 97640.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93884.930612                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst        92639                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 91855.351438                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst        98775                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 94847.556911                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 100356.821429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 95358.489842                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 97731.730769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93602.399177                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 93623.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 93210.523622                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 92197.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 94114.677291                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 94082.653846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92537.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 91080.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 93492.919629                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 107479.166667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 95547.543430                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 97620.962963                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 91209.048000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 106739.866667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 94897.596372                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst        97128                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93203.648221                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 86063.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93332.341667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 103267.709677                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 94768.328798                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 93342.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92237.575758                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94095.904392                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 91682.823529                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data        78020                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data        76692                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       112214                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       110963                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data        82607                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 93261.250000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data        72681                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data        79570                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       138000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92512.641618                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 97640.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93884.930612                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst        92639                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 91834.725738                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst        98775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 94779.429150                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 100356.821429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 95316.448198                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 97731.730769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93678.676230                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 93623.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 93280.141176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 92197.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 94069.011905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 94082.653846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92537.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 91080.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 93467.426410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 107479.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 95547.543430                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 97620.962963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 91209.048000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 106739.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 94897.596372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst        97128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93122.850394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 86063.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93275.236515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 103267.709677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 94866.138009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 93342.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92237.575758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94047.901507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 97640.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93884.930612                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst        92639                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 91834.725738                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst        98775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 94779.429150                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 100356.821429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 95316.448198                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 97731.730769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93678.676230                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 93623.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 93280.141176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 92197.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 94069.011905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 94082.653846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92537.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 91080.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 93467.426410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 107479.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 95547.543430                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 97620.962963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 91209.048000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 106739.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 94897.596372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst        97128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93122.850394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 86063.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93275.236515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 103267.709677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 94866.138009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 93342.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92237.575758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94047.901507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              542.491954                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750172883                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1354102.676895                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    15.755080                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   526.736875                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.025249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.844130                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.869378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       140686                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        140686                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       140686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         140686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       140686                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        140686                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5469366                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5469366                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5469366                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5469366                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5469366                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5469366                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       140721                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       140721                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       140721                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       140721                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       140721                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       140721                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000249                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000249                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000249                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000249                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000249                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000249                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 156267.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156267.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 156267.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 156267.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 156267.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 156267.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4409960                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4409960                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4409960                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4409960                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4409960                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4409960                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 163331.851852                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163331.851852                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 163331.851852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163331.851852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 163331.851852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163331.851852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                  639                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              171131227                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                  895                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             191208.074860                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   154.891950                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   101.108050                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.605047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.394953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       201557                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        201557                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        40669                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        40669                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           98                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           98                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       242226                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         242226                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       242226                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        242226                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2191                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2191                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2206                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         2206                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2206                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         2206                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    240395039                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    240395039                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1221699                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1221699                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    241616738                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    241616738                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    241616738                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    241616738                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       203748                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       203748                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        40684                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        40684                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           98                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           98                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       244432                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       244432                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       244432                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       244432                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.010753                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010753                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000369                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000369                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009025                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009025                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009025                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009025                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 109719.324053                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109719.324053                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 81446.600000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81446.600000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 109527.079782                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109527.079782                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 109527.079782                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109527.079782                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           82                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total              82                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1567                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1567                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     66809292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66809292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       201058                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       201058                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     67010350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67010350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     67010350                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67010350                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003122                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003122                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105046.056604                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105046.056604                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 67019.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67019.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 104867.527387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104867.527387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 104867.527387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104867.527387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              514.941240                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              849095475                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1645533.866279                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    24.941240                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.039970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.825226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       135027                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        135027                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       135027                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         135027                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       135027                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        135027                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5720329                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5720329                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5720329                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5720329                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5720329                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5720329                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       135060                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       135060                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       135060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       135060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       135060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       135060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000244                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000244                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000244                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000244                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000244                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000244                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 173343.303030                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 173343.303030                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 173343.303030                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 173343.303030                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 173343.303030                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 173343.303030                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4486979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4486979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4486979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4486979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4486979                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4486979                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 172576.115385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172576.115385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 172576.115385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172576.115385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 172576.115385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172576.115385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 1284                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              141325329                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 1540                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             91769.694156                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   201.810258                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    54.189742                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.788321                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.211679                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       102745                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        102745                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        82672                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        82672                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          175                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          175                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          166                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          166                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       185417                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         185417                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       185417                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        185417                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2889                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2889                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          645                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          645                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3534                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         3534                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3534                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         3534                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    383884561                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    383884561                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    114541669                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    114541669                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    498426230                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    498426230                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    498426230                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    498426230                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       105634                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       105634                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        83317                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        83317                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          175                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          175                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          166                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          166                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       188951                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       188951                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       188951                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       188951                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.027349                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027349                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.007742                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007742                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.018703                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018703                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.018703                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018703                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 132878.006577                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 132878.006577                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 177583.982946                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 177583.982946                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 141037.416525                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 141037.416525                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 141037.416525                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 141037.416525                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          590                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             590                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          557                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          557                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2250                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2250                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           88                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           88                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1284                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1284                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    141344398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    141344398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     13824691                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13824691                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    155169089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    155169089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    155169089                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    155169089                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011322                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011322                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001056                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001056                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006795                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006795                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006795                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006795                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 118180.934783                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118180.934783                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 157098.761364                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157098.761364                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 120848.200156                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120848.200156                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 120848.200156                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120848.200156                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              495.813831                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              845323971                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1704282.199597                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    13.813831                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.022138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794573                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       138943                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        138943                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       138943                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         138943                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       138943                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        138943                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2948265                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2948265                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2948265                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2948265                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2948265                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2948265                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       138961                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       138961                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       138961                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       138961                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       138961                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       138961                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000130                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000130                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000130                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000130                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000130                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000130                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 163792.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163792.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 163792.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163792.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 163792.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163792.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2594142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2594142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2594142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2594142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2594142                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2594142                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 185295.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 185295.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 185295.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 185295.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 185295.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 185295.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  614                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              132974864                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                  870                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             152844.671264                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   176.406202                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    79.593798                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.689087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.310913                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        95520                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         95520                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        80724                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        80724                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          186                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          186                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       176244                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         176244                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       176244                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        176244                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2057                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2057                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           85                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           85                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2142                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         2142                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2142                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         2142                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    273566174                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    273566174                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     11289174                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     11289174                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    284855348                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    284855348                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    284855348                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    284855348                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        97577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        80809                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        80809                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          186                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          186                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       178386                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       178386                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       178386                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       178386                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.021081                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021081                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001052                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001052                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 132992.792416                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 132992.792416                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 132813.811765                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 132813.811765                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 132985.690009                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 132985.690009                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 132985.690009                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 132985.690009                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          201                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             201                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1528                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1528                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          614                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          614                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     67214212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67214212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       144168                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       144168                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     67358380                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67358380                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     67358380                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67358380                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006282                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006282                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003442                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003442                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003442                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003442                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 109647.980424                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109647.980424                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       144168                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       144168                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 109704.201954                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109704.201954                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 109704.201954                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109704.201954                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              568.817998                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              868084965                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  572                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1517631.057692                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    27.732752                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   541.085247                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.044444                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.867124                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.911567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       137007                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        137007                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       137007                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         137007                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       137007                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        137007                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7619259                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7619259                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7619259                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7619259                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7619259                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7619259                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       137048                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       137048                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       137048                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       137048                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       137048                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       137048                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000299                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000299                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000299                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000299                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 185835.585366                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 185835.585366                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 185835.585366                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 185835.585366                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 185835.585366                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 185835.585366                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5867797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5867797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5867797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5867797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5867797                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5867797                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 202337.827586                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 202337.827586                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 202337.827586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 202337.827586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 202337.827586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 202337.827586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  953                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              332276816                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 1209                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             274836.076096                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   106.547574                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   149.452426                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.416201                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.583799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       349963                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        349963                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       190808                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       190808                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           94                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           94                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       540771                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         540771                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       540771                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        540771                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3383                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3383                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            9                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3392                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         3392                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3392                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         3392                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    425318015                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    425318015                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1057512                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1057512                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    426375527                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    426375527                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    426375527                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    426375527                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       353346                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       353346                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       190817                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       190817                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           94                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           94                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       544163                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       544163                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       544163                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       544163                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009574                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009574                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000047                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 125722.144546                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125722.144546                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 117501.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117501.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 125700.332252                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125700.332252                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 125700.332252                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125700.332252                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          162                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             162                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2439                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2439                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          953                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          953                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    112352264                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    112352264                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       292709                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       292709                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    112644973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    112644973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    112644973                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    112644973                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002689                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002689                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001751                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001751                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001751                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001751                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 118265.541053                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118265.541053                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 97569.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97569.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 118200.391396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118200.391396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 118200.391396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118200.391396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              542.791655                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              750172922                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1354102.747292                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    16.055379                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   526.736276                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.025730                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.844129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.869858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       140725                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        140725                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       140725                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         140725                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       140725                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        140725                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5349896                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5349896                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5349896                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5349896                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5349896                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5349896                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       140758                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       140758                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       140758                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       140758                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       140758                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       140758                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000234                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000234                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000234                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000234                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000234                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000234                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 162118.060606                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162118.060606                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 162118.060606                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 162118.060606                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 162118.060606                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 162118.060606                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4580830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4580830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4580830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4580830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4580830                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4580830                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 169660.370370                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169660.370370                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 169660.370370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169660.370370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 169660.370370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169660.370370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  641                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              171131285                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                  897                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             190781.811594                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   155.239053                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   100.760947                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.606403                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.393597                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       201581                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        201581                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        40702                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        40702                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          100                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          100                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           98                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           98                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       242283                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         242283                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       242283                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        242283                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2219                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2219                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2234                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         2234                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2234                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         2234                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    241749304                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    241749304                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      2133829                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2133829                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    243883133                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    243883133                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    243883133                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    243883133                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       203800                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       203800                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        40717                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        40717                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          100                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          100                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           98                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           98                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       244517                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       244517                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       244517                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       244517                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.010888                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010888                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000368                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000368                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 108945.157278                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108945.157278                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 142255.266667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 142255.266667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 109168.815130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109168.815130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 109168.815130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109168.815130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total              79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1593                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1593                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          641                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          641                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     66791151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66791151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       311731                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       311731                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     67102882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67102882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     67102882                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67102882                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003131                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003131                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002621                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002621                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002621                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002621                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104688.324451                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104688.324451                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 103910.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103910.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104684.683307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104684.683307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104684.683307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104684.683307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              495.814196                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              845323981                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1704282.219758                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    13.814196                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.022138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794574                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       138953                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        138953                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       138953                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         138953                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       138953                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        138953                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2927310                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2927310                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2927310                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2927310                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2927310                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2927310                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       138970                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       138970                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       138970                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       138970                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       138970                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       138970                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000122                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 172194.705882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 172194.705882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 172194.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 172194.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 172194.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 172194.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2544203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2544203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2544203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2544203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2544203                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2544203                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 181728.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181728.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 181728.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181728.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 181728.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181728.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  613                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              132974633                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                  869                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             153020.291139                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   176.299398                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    79.700602                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.688670                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.311330                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        95414                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         95414                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        80601                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        80601                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          192                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          192                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          185                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          185                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       176015                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         176015                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       176015                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        176015                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2050                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2050                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           85                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           85                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         2135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2135                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         2135                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    269439861                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    269439861                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     10729908                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     10729908                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    280169769                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    280169769                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    280169769                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    280169769                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        97464                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97464                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        80686                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        80686                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          192                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          192                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          185                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          185                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       178150                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       178150                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       178150                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       178150                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.021033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001053                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001053                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.011984                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011984                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.011984                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011984                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 131434.078537                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 131434.078537                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 126234.211765                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126234.211765                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 131227.058080                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 131227.058080                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 131227.058080                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 131227.058080                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          192                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             192                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1522                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1522                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     67049884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67049884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       177999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       177999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     67227883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67227883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     67227883                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67227883                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003441                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003441                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003441                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003441                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 109558.633987                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109558.633987                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       177999                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       177999                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 109670.282219                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109670.282219                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 109670.282219                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109670.282219                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              495.815237                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              845323988                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1704282.233871                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    13.815237                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.022140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       138960                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        138960                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       138960                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         138960                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       138960                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        138960                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2959334                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2959334                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2959334                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2959334                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2959334                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2959334                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       138978                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       138978                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       138978                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       138978                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       138978                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       138978                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000130                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000130                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000130                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000130                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000130                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000130                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 164407.444444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164407.444444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 164407.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164407.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 164407.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164407.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2511528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2511528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2511528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2511528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2511528                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2511528                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 179394.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179394.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 179394.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179394.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 179394.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179394.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  613                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              132974638                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                  869                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             153020.296893                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   176.388702                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    79.611298                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.689018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.310982                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        95412                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         95412                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        80608                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        80608                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          192                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          192                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          185                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          185                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       176020                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         176020                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       176020                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        176020                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2050                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2050                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           85                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           85                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         2135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2135                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         2135                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    272980431                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    272980431                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     10887668                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     10887668                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    283868099                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    283868099                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    283868099                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    283868099                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        97462                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97462                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        80693                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        80693                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          192                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          192                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          185                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          185                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       178155                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       178155                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       178155                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       178155                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.021034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001053                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001053                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011984                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011984                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011984                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011984                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 133161.185854                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 133161.185854                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 128090.211765                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 128090.211765                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 132959.296956                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 132959.296956                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 132959.296956                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 132959.296956                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          199                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             199                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1522                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1522                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     67362465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67362465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       148874                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       148874                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     67511339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67511339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     67511339                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67511339                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003441                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003441                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003441                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003441                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 110069.387255                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110069.387255                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       148874                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       148874                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 110132.690049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110132.690049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 110132.690049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110132.690049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              474.152765                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              847782559                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  483                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1755243.393375                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    19.152765                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.030694                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.759860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       141984                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        141984                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       141984                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         141984                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       141984                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        141984                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6498981                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6498981                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6498981                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6498981                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6498981                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6498981                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       142023                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       142023                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       142023                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       142023                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       142023                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       142023                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000275                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000275                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000275                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000275                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000275                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000275                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 166640.538462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166640.538462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 166640.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166640.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 166640.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166640.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4969051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4969051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4969051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4969051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4969051                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4969051                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000197                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000197                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000197                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000197                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000197                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000197                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 177466.107143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177466.107143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 177466.107143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177466.107143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 177466.107143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177466.107143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  447                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              123769785                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                  703                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             176059.438122                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   150.528043                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   105.471957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.588000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.412000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       111412                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        111412                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        81858                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        81858                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          205                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          205                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          200                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          200                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       193270                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         193270                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       193270                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        193270                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1124                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1124                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1132                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         1132                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1132                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         1132                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    118909684                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    118909684                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       910857                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       910857                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    119820541                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    119820541                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    119820541                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    119820541                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       112536                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       112536                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        81866                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        81866                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          205                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          205                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          200                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          200                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       194402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       194402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       194402                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       194402                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009988                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009988                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000098                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000098                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005823                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005823                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105791.533808                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105791.533808                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 113857.125000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113857.125000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105848.534452                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 105848.534452                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105848.534452                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 105848.534452                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           98                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total              98                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          685                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          685                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          685                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          685                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          447                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          447                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     43219079                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     43219079                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       254377                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       254377                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     43473456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     43473456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     43473456                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     43473456                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003945                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003945                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002299                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002299                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002299                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002299                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 97340.268018                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97340.268018                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 84792.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84792.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 97256.053691                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97256.053691                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 97256.053691                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97256.053691                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              515.842713                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              849095368                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1642350.808511                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    25.842713                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.041415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.826671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       134920                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        134920                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       134920                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         134920                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       134920                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        134920                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5712608                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5712608                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5712608                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5712608                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5712608                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5712608                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       134954                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       134954                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       134954                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       134954                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       134954                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       134954                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000252                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000252                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000252                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000252                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000252                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000252                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 168017.882353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 168017.882353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 168017.882353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 168017.882353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 168017.882353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 168017.882353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4568952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4568952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4568952                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4568952                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4568952                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4568952                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 169220.444444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169220.444444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 169220.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169220.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 169220.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169220.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 1308                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              141324705                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 1564                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             90361.064578                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   202.443930                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    53.556070                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.790797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.209203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       102213                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        102213                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        82583                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        82583                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          172                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          172                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          166                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          166                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       184796                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         184796                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       184796                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        184796                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2970                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2970                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          634                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          634                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3604                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         3604                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3604                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         3604                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    398380651                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    398380651                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    111656836                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    111656836                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    510037487                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    510037487                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    510037487                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    510037487                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       105183                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       105183                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        83217                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        83217                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          172                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          172                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          166                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          166                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       188400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       188400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       188400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       188400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.028237                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.028237                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.007619                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007619                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.019130                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.019130                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.019130                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.019130                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 134134.899327                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 134134.899327                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 176114.883281                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 176114.883281                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 141519.835461                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 141519.835461                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 141519.835461                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 141519.835461                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          596                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             596                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          552                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          552                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2296                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2296                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           82                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           82                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1308                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1308                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    146697967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    146697967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     13140437                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13140437                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    159838404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    159838404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    159838404                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    159838404                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.011656                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011656                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000985                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000985                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006943                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006943                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006943                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006943                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 119655.764274                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119655.764274                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 160249.231707                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160249.231707                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 122200.614679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 122200.614679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 122200.614679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 122200.614679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              571.753893                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              868084903                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  574                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1512343.036585                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    29.712421                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   542.041472                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.047616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.868656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.916272                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       136945                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        136945                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       136945                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         136945                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       136945                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        136945                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8938931                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8938931                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8938931                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8938931                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8938931                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8938931                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       136989                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       136989                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       136989                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       136989                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       136989                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       136989                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000321                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000321                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000321                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000321                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000321                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000321                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 203157.522727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 203157.522727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 203157.522727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 203157.522727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 203157.522727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 203157.522727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6737397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6737397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6737397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6737397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6737397                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6737397                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000226                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000226                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000226                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000226                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000226                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000226                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 217335.387097                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 217335.387097                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 217335.387097                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 217335.387097                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 217335.387097                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 217335.387097                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  953                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              332276894                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 1209                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             274836.140612                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   106.635130                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   149.364870                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.416543                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.583457                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       350024                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        350024                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       190812                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       190812                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          111                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          111                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           95                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           95                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       540836                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         540836                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       540836                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        540836                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3351                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3351                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3361                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         3361                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3361                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         3361                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    424410928                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    424410928                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       938628                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       938628                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    425349556                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    425349556                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    425349556                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    425349556                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       353375                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       353375                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       190822                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       190822                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          111                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          111                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           95                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           95                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       544197                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       544197                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       544197                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       544197                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009483                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009483                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000052                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000052                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006176                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006176                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 126652.022680                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126652.022680                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93862.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93862.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 126554.464743                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 126554.464743                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 126554.464743                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 126554.464743                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          146                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             146                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2408                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2408                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          953                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          953                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    112608132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    112608132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       275963                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       275963                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    112884095                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    112884095                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    112884095                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    112884095                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002688                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002688                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001751                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001751                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001751                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001751                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 118534.875789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118534.875789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 91987.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91987.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 118451.306401                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118451.306401                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 118451.306401                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118451.306401                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              474.645376                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              847782600                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  484                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1751616.942149                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    19.645376                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.031483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.760650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       142025                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        142025                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       142025                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         142025                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       142025                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        142025                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6788188                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6788188                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6788188                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6788188                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6788188                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6788188                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       142065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       142065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       142065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       142065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       142065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       142065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000282                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000282                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000282                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000282                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000282                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000282                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 169704.700000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 169704.700000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 169704.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 169704.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 169704.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 169704.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5327950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5327950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5327950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5327950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5327950                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5327950                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 183722.413793                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 183722.413793                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 183722.413793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 183722.413793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 183722.413793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 183722.413793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  448                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              123769586                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                  704                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             175809.071023                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   150.597209                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   105.402791                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.588270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.411730                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       111206                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        111206                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        81866                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        81866                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          204                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          204                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          200                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          200                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       193072                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         193072                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       193072                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        193072                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1131                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1131                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1139                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         1139                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1139                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         1139                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    118361311                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    118361311                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1048200                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1048200                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    119409511                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    119409511                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    119409511                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    119409511                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       112337                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       112337                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        81874                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        81874                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          204                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          204                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          200                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          200                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       194211                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       194211                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       194211                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       194211                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.010068                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010068                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000098                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000098                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005865                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005865                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005865                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005865                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104651.910698                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104651.910698                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       131025                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total       131025                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104837.147498                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104837.147498                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104837.147498                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104837.147498                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           98                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total              98                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          691                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          691                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          448                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          448                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     43220247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     43220247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       306003                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       306003                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     43526250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     43526250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     43526250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     43526250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003961                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003961                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002307                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002307                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002307                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002307                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 97124.150562                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97124.150562                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       102001                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       102001                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 97156.808036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97156.808036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 97156.808036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97156.808036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              570.721164                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              868085120                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  574                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1512343.414634                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    29.636875                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   541.084289                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.047495                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.867122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.914617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       137162                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        137162                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       137162                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         137162                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       137162                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        137162                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8349949                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8349949                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8349949                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8349949                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8349949                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8349949                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       137204                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       137204                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       137204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       137204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       137204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       137204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 198808.309524                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 198808.309524                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 198808.309524                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 198808.309524                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 198808.309524                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 198808.309524                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6288116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6288116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6288116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6288116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6288116                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6288116                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000226                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000226                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000226                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000226                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000226                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000226                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 202842.451613                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 202842.451613                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 202842.451613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 202842.451613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 202842.451613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 202842.451613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  955                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              332277662                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 1211                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             274382.875310                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   106.603147                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   149.396853                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.416419                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.583581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       350507                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        350507                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       191092                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       191092                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          116                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          116                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           95                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           95                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       541599                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         541599                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       541599                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        541599                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3374                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3374                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3384                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         3384                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3384                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         3384                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    420900848                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    420900848                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       871272                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       871272                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    421772120                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    421772120                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    421772120                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    421772120                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       353881                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       353881                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       191102                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       191102                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          116                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          116                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           95                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           95                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       544983                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       544983                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       544983                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       544983                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009534                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009534                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000052                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000052                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006209                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006209                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006209                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006209                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 124748.324837                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124748.324837                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 87127.200000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87127.200000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 124637.151300                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124637.151300                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 124637.151300                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124637.151300                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          148                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             148                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2429                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2429                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          955                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          955                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    111461449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    111461449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       234699                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       234699                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    111696148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    111696148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    111696148                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    111696148                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002690                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002690                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001752                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001752                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001752                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001752                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 117081.353992                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117081.353992                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data        78233                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78233                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 116959.317277                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116959.317277                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 116959.317277                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116959.317277                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              495.816152                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              845324015                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1704282.288306                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    13.816152                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.022141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       138987                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        138987                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       138987                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         138987                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       138987                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        138987                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2963204                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2963204                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2963204                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2963204                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2963204                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2963204                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       139004                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       139004                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       139004                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       139004                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       139004                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       139004                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000122                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 174306.117647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 174306.117647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 174306.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 174306.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 174306.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 174306.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2577077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2577077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2577077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2577077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2577077                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2577077                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 184076.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 184076.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 184076.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 184076.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 184076.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 184076.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  613                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              132974646                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                  869                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             153020.306099                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   176.453336                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    79.546664                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.689271                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.310729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        95411                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         95411                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        80615                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        80615                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          186                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          186                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       176026                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         176026                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       176026                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        176026                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2048                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2048                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           85                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           85                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2133                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         2133                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2133                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         2133                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    272186427                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    272186427                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     10560231                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     10560231                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    282746658                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    282746658                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    282746658                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    282746658                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        97459                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97459                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        80700                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        80700                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          186                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          186                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       178159                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       178159                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       178159                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       178159                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.021014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001053                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001053                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.011972                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011972                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.011972                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011972                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 132903.528809                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 132903.528809                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 124238.011765                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124238.011765                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 132558.208158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 132558.208158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 132558.208158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 132558.208158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          192                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             192                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1436                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1436                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1520                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1520                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     66835047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66835047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       139031                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       139031                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     66974078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     66974078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     66974078                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     66974078                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006280                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006280                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003441                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003441                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003441                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003441                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 109207.593137                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109207.593137                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       139031                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       139031                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 109256.244698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109256.244698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 109256.244698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109256.244698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              495.816810                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              845324126                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1704282.512097                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    13.816810                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.022142                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       139098                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        139098                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       139098                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         139098                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       139098                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        139098                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2777294                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2777294                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2777294                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2777294                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2777294                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2777294                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       139115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       139115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       139115                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       139115                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       139115                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       139115                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000122                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 163370.235294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163370.235294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 163370.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163370.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 163370.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163370.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2419317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2419317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2419317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2419317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2419317                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2419317                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 172808.357143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172808.357143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 172808.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172808.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 172808.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172808.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  610                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              132974947                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                  866                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             153550.747113                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   176.992104                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    79.007896                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.691375                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.308625                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        95572                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         95572                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        80755                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        80755                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          186                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          186                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       176327                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         176327                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       176327                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        176327                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2022                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2022                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           85                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           85                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2107                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         2107                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2107                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         2107                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    264191262                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    264191262                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     10881582                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     10881582                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    275072844                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    275072844                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    275072844                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    275072844                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        97594                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97594                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        80840                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        80840                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          186                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          186                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       178434                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       178434                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       178434                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       178434                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.020718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.020718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001051                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001051                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.011808                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011808                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.011808                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011808                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 130658.388724                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130658.388724                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 128018.611765                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 128018.611765                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 130551.895586                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 130551.895586                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 130551.895586                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 130551.895586                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          202                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             202                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1413                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1413                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1497                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1497                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          610                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          610                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     64959448                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64959448                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       146325                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       146325                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     65105773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     65105773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     65105773                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     65105773                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006240                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006240                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003419                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003419                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003419                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003419                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 106665.760263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106665.760263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       146325                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       146325                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 106730.775410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106730.775410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 106730.775410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106730.775410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              571.952564                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              868085203                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  575                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1509713.396522                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    29.910812                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   542.041752                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.047934                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.868657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.916591                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       137245                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        137245                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       137245                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         137245                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       137245                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        137245                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8409990                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8409990                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8409990                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8409990                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8409990                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8409990                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       137288                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       137288                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       137288                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       137288                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       137288                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       137288                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000313                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000313                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 195581.162791                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 195581.162791                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 195581.162791                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 195581.162791                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 195581.162791                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 195581.162791                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6433319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6433319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6433319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6433319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6433319                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6433319                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 201041.218750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 201041.218750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 201041.218750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 201041.218750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 201041.218750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 201041.218750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  957                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              332277694                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 1213                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             273930.497939                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   106.584881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   149.415119                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.416347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.583653                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       350489                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        350489                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       191160                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       191160                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           94                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           94                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       541649                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         541649                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       541649                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        541649                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3347                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3347                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            9                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3356                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         3356                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3356                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         3356                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    414026386                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    414026386                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1611003                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1611003                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    415637389                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    415637389                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    415637389                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    415637389                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       353836                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       353836                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       191169                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       191169                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           94                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           94                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       545005                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       545005                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       545005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       545005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009459                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009459                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000047                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 123700.742755                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123700.742755                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 179000.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 179000.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 123849.043206                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123849.043206                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 123849.043206                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123849.043206                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          149                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             149                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2399                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2399                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          957                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          957                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    110316681                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    110316681                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       452419                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       452419                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    110769100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    110769100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    110769100                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    110769100                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002696                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002696                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.001756                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001756                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.001756                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001756                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 115635.933962                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115635.933962                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150806.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 150806.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 115746.185998                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115746.185998                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 115746.185998                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115746.185998                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              474.158114                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              847782536                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  483                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1755243.345756                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    19.158114                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.030702                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.759869                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       141961                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        141961                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       141961                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         141961                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       141961                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        141961                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6705985                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6705985                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6705985                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6705985                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6705985                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6705985                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       142000                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       142000                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       142000                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       142000                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       142000                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       142000                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000275                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000275                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000275                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000275                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000275                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000275                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 171948.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 171948.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 171948.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 171948.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 171948.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 171948.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5048199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5048199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5048199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5048199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5048199                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5048199                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000197                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000197                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000197                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000197                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000197                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000197                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 180292.821429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180292.821429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 180292.821429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180292.821429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 180292.821429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180292.821429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  447                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              123769752                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                  703                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             176059.391181                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   150.552211                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   105.447789                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.588095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.411905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       111393                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        111393                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        81844                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        81844                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          205                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          205                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          200                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          200                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       193237                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         193237                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       193237                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        193237                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1128                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1128                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1136                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         1136                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1136                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         1136                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    119960795                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    119960795                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       937763                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       937763                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    120898558                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    120898558                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    120898558                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    120898558                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       112521                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       112521                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        81852                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        81852                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          205                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          205                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          200                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          200                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       194373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       194373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       194373                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       194373                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.010025                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010025                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000098                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000098                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005844                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005844                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005844                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005844                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 106348.222518                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106348.222518                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 117220.375000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117220.375000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 106424.786972                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106424.786972                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 106424.786972                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106424.786972                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           98                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total              98                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          684                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          684                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          689                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          689                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          447                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          447                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     43222339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     43222339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       270176                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       270176                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     43492515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     43492515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     43492515                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     43492515                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002300                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002300                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002300                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002300                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 97347.610360                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97347.610360                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 90058.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90058.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 97298.691275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97298.691275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 97298.691275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97298.691275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
